i currently work as an undergraduate teaching assistant for ece four hundred and thirty-seven (computer design and prototyping). i work a lab section and an office hours section each week.
researched & designed electrical ground support equipment, test board using altium designer designed a testing board for formation drone satellites quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity
i am an embedded software engineer for boeing. i develop custom firmware and software for our electronic systems.
assisted engineers at the company and engineers at customer companies (such as ford, gm, and stallantis to name a few) with controls engineering related questions including but not limited to plc hardware and software, vfds, industrial controls, sensors, safety, hmi's, etc. this required physically helping set up or program different equipment as well as walking through engineers over the phone.
aid in research for publications concerning transmission networks and the integration of renewable energy sources
worked with team of four students to complete mission objectives of the all star satellite tasked with understanding satellite subsystems to facilitate mission operations gathered, evaluated, and synthesized orbital and power data for use on future missions
design verification engineer for ddr phy ip blocks design automation engineer for vlsi cad tools
feature development on cusp (cisco unified sip proxy, part of cisco webex solution)
as a software engineer at visual concepts (a studio under 2k games), i work as part of the team that maintains and develops the software that is used by the game team to develop the nba 2k series. this includes updating, maintaining, and implementing the low level libraries and the compiler that are used as part of visual concepts' own implementation of c++ with in house language extensions. i am also working on adding our in house language extensions to the clang compiler, to move the company
algorithm designer for future weapon systems involving naval missile weapon systems. primarily work on standard missile three variants for exo atmospheric ballistic missile defense. algorithms serve target selection, shot timing, trajectory shaping, midcourse guidance, and object avoidance. responsibility for managing technical scope, budget, and schedule for algorithm and simulation work. creating variance reports and estimates at completion (eac) to impact business area financials.
was involved in constraints work, resolving timing issues in the design. currently, involved in fpga prototyping and emulation flows and bringing up the soc design on the fpga.
studying the relationship between human mast cells and osteoporosis.
working on three projects currently. one is a 5g testbed, mainly focusing on the software portion(installing onto linux systems, troubleshooting etc.). another is working on developing a standardized control solution for active electronically scanned arrays(aesa's). work is done at the hardware level, controlling the spi data flow from the user hardware to the antenna. finally, i am working on learning signal processing algorithm's utilizing software defined radios.
develop matlab scripts to automate software development tasks for autosar components and compositions.
graded student coursework and held office hours.
manage a team of highly trained technicians in the areas of relay protection, substation equipment maintenance, and scada.
. quotation of mcc, pcc, apfc panel, pdb, control and relay panel, instrumentation panels, plc / dcs panel, hazardous area panel. . ga, sld as per customer requirement. . bom, submitting to customers within the time period. . switchgear and control panel modifications . designing and costing of electrical panels and analyzing different suppliers for best cost effective deals.
assistant lead physical design engineer for mid sized fpga devices. extending the novel physical design flow from the lnis lab at university of utah, including creating novel clock tree synthesis algorithms that out perform modern pnr tools. developed scalable and technology adaptive physical verification flows. devices taped out as lead physical design engineer: 30x42 fpga on umc22nm technology node.
designed and tested a machine that automates a previously manual process, increasing worker safety.
ran weekly reports on plant wide power consumption and monitored for improvements and loss prevention created and developed work project plans to improve plant functionality at request of department leaders. organized and presented bids on multiple projects that were competitively bid on by contractors. managed projects won by contractors from beginning to end. writing wrap up reports and ensuring finances were correctly used.
interning at lockheed martin, on the same team that i will get my full time position in. developed data processing tools in python.
planned and carried out experiments involving electroeposition of cu2o for photoelectrochemical water splitting synthesis of mos2 nanoparticles
i have been currently working here in cmos image sensor group as rtl design engineer.
i am currently currently in my 2nd rotation of a technical rotation program at gm, called track (technical rotation and career knowledge). during my time, i have been tasked with the automation of several in house processes related to finance to produce more efficient workflow in the general motors workplace in warren michigan.
qualified as a project lead overseeing improvements and maintenance to the keyport test range currently serving as the subject matter expert of nuwc’s underwater acoustic acquisition equipment
intel mask operations mmt, blue badge
i work for next generation server cpu core and load/store unit verification and debug complex microarchitectural problems.
defining software requirements for new control systems of moderate complexity to replace existing mechanical systems. developing electrical system for new windrower model by researching electronic components & embedded systems. managing on time delivery of software architecture & design to meet future system & functional safety requirements.
full time summer internship within nasa’s earth science division. member of terrestrial ecology research group under dar roberts and michael allen from uc santa barbara. individual project focused on using multiple endmember spectral mixture analysis (mesma) to locate and map spatial trends of photovoltaics in santa barbara.
successfully led multiple iterations of fleet wide vehicle platform and sensor upgrade programs. these fleet transition programs required tight coordination of efforts between r&d manufacturing, test operations, dispatch, hardware engineering, software, policy, legal, and staff leadership. the first of these programs allowed the organization to fully transition to a newer suite of hw and base vehicles, and to operate test programs efficiently with a much smaller development fleet than previously
assisted students in the theoretical and application oriented nature of calculus and differential equations.
oversee evidence based healthcare technology platform; improve technology to integrate with large complex systems; improve technology for partners to integrate with the platform to retrieve information unidirectionally; position technology for high growth and enterprise scale integrations; lead technology architecture
implement lean six sigma methodologies to improve process throughput and reduce wastes. fabricated fixtures and guards to be in accordance with osha standards. collaborated with engineering and maintenance to troubleshoot and improve processes through modification of plc units and construction of control panels.
analyzed salesforce client profiles daily to determine client viability and identify sales leads for inside sales team modeled customer profiles used for snag recruiting platform and onboarding demos
analyzed 3rd party sram designs to be included in various gpu products.
assisted and supported operations with technical services, process unit design, process unit inspections, process unit monitoring, and ensuring all petroleum products and their intermediaries met all local, state, and federal environmental regulations
as a research and development co op i tested pulse oximeters and other medical devices. in addition, i tested inertial measurement units and developed a program to filter the data using matlab.
performs quality assurance, functional, system, and unit testing for the combined dna index system to aid in real world forensic applications. creates and tracks reports for defects detected in software along with detailed analysis for possible reasons for the flaw. writes exhaustive test cases and creates files to allow for thorough testing of the system.
investigated cost down gate driver circuit using bootstrapping to drive sic mosfets in half bridge configurations. implemented high voltage lab improvements to improve safety & organization
at the curtiss wright location i work under, we are a sole source supplier for commercial and naval nuclear industry. the facility manufactures nucleaur coolant pumps, generators, and motors (propulsion) for the us navy. as a design engineer, i focus primarily on new production for us navy motor propulsion. the work ranges from developing test procedures/reports, contributing towards design enhancement and addressing issues on the manufacturing floor to ensure the items meet drawing requirements
i supported mechanical test engineering activities for aerospace environmental control and life support systems.
design/implement (and maintain) electronic/digital systems as required by the college administration. in particular, drawing block level or more technical drawings for designed/maintained systems including a pump control circuit and equipment and inventory management system for the entire electronics department.
studied yield loss in fab and made process adjustment recommendations for yield improvement
developed software using the c programming language on a linux platform utilized test driven development (tdd) utilized github and zenhub for source code control utilized an e1 emulator for debugging and flash programming experience using pc.net and laundry.net to perform bench tests and edge flash software onto field test units experience using agile and scrum as a development project management tool experience using jenkins for automated builds and tests worked in a team to mee
developed and maintained ramsey county geodatabases for various in class and extracurricular applications. assisted the teaching of six gis lab courses (two per semester) from spring two thousand and nineteen spring two thousand and twenty. created over twenty products for various indonesia art exhibits at msp airport and sites on campus.
assist testing on an uninterruptible power system for navy radar performed acceptance test procedure on a cooling controller for a low tier radar revised environment and quality test procedure for the uninterruptible power system based off comments from the customer shadowing power lab coordinator with plans to take over responsibility at end of two thousand and twenty-four
i currently work as a senior engineer at a high tech manufacturer of high voltage, high power dc power supplies and modulators that are used in radar, particle accelerator, and a large number of other applications. i am responsible for both production testing of existing systems and the prototype testing of custom made systems. i regularly specify parts, troubleshoot issues down the component level, design and implement improvements to the test setup, and write technical documentation.
served as department head of the ship’s navigation and operations department. led thirty sailors across four divisions including cyberspace it and ship’s lan, radio communications, electronic warfare, and navigation electronics technicians. directly responsible for the safe navigation of the ship as well as the planning and execution of all operational orders and missions. responsible for the custody of all top secret classified material and sensitive cryptographic equipment onboard.
phantom works mission systems software engineer https://www.boeing.com/defense/phantom works/
worked a radar related classified project. gained experience in radar fundamentals, github, matlab, object oriented programming, c++.
growing and leading a global engineering team to identify, acquire, and scale new products and enabling technologies
at the university of notre dame, i worked as an intern (research assistant) for the center for research computing. my role involved working with embedded system design and advancement. one of the projects i worked on was the advancement of drone technology using aftermarket drones and various sensors. i achieved this by using a raspberry pi and python programming. i interned here up until i began my full time position with am general
consulted daily with operators and supply chain, evaluated for time and cost savings evaluated, proposed, and implemented fixture and process enhancements for ergonomics, quality, and productivity increased line efficiency to save two hours per day through twelve week internship
developed algorithms for high voltage contactor architecture created and performed tests on software in unit and hil testing collaborated with team on devising future battery contactor architectures developed new testing methods for serial data communication
· performed irad research in wireless power and ultracapacitor applications. explored uses of ganfet technology in power management systems. assisted directed energy group with non linear transmission line timing circuit design. (summer two thousand and fourteen)
teaching assistant at the bechtel innovation and design center
ensure continued operation readiness by providing system engineering support for vital safety systems within a hazard category two nuclear facility. responsible for maintaining overall cognizance of ventilation and confinement systems, providing system engineering support for operations and maintenance, and technical support of line management safety responsibilities for ensuring continued system operational readiness.
simulation and testing of vehicle electro mechanical system using matlab/simulink model resulting in quarterly software updates and improvements. analyzed signals acquired using can communication protocol from the field test run to identify design and procedural defects in the new model year two thousand and twenty-two machines. spearheaded cross functional team discussions based on design analysis resulting in continuous improvements and closure of design loopholes.
systems engineer at northrop grumman space systems, working on research and development and capture efforts in the space industry. responsibilities include development of mission concepts and architectures, internal and customer funded software and system research, and leading proposal responses.
implemented solutions to automate data collection and controls connections through programming in python.
worked as intern under senior hardware engineer. developed a test fixture hardware/software and gui over the summer that fed clinical sensor signals to pulse oximeter analog front ends to evaluate accuracy.
· performed failure analysis on manufactured parts and proposed design and process improvements based on failed test results, responsible for part technical documentation control practices · optimized company raw material database and new part creation process, which reduced part entry time by three minutes per item
during my time here i employed advanced image processing algorithms and machine learning algorithms to successfully detect and separate windows and doors from panorama images. working on this project allowed me to familiarize with frequently used image processing libraries such as opencv, machine learning techniques like pca, k nn classifier and augment my programming skills in matlab and c++.
i work as a computer engineer designing and developing software, integrating hardware and software from multiple sources, and making design decisions for my assigned project area on navy systems. i am the software lead am responsible for the full life cycle of these projects and am heavily involved in the design and implementation of the solutions.
designed a prototype handheld spectrum sensing device with a touch screen and gui. used software defined radios and signal processing algorithms to provide high speed, accurate detection while keeping cost and size to a minimum.
designed a 'tag' worn by swimmers at the beach that would emit an underwater acoustic pulse if the swimmer began to drown. receivers surrounding the swim area would detect the pulse and locate the position of the swimmer based on a time of arrival algorithm. we programmed the system in goby, a c++ library, in linux ubuntu running on a raspberry pi.
designing high speed flexible pcb’s to be used on the atlas project in cern large hadron collider creating pcb rings in altium to gather data from the particle collisions working with a large group of research engineers spread across multiple locations
one. work on project "using reinforcement learning (rl) to calculate the maximum distance of a ball thrown by resistance motors" two. co author with one teammate to create an ai introduction text book for high school students.
i worked as a computer and cell phone troubleshooter. i worked inside the military base camp pendleton repairing phones for marines and their families. i would take in computers and troubleshoot, order parts, and repair them. i was responsible with communicating with customers and making sure all services provided were in a timely and orderly fashion.
i worked a couple years of customer service jobs before my job at the state lab in two thousand and seventeen i also worked at a few different jobs after getting my bs in business management (quantitative business analysis). i worked doing concrete repair, coaching weight loss clients, and hauling boxes at a warehouse. i would be at the lab on jblm but i left due to my boss yelling profanity at everyone. i started my mba during this time, but i have decided that business is not my field of choice.
debugged initial prototype of an ignition safety device, a pcb consisting of hundreds of hand placed circuit components. i found errors in the schematic design and placement of the parts. i utilized an oscilloscope and waveform generators to capture the desired behavior of the pcb. i also conducted an efficiency study of a transformer using ltspice and matlab for analysis.
performed the role of a development intern, worked on coding in nodejs and completed proof of concept projects in the topics of kafka, docker, speed of mongo crud operations and esp32 module. successfully completed one client based project and three proof of concept projects currently under review at entrib
fry cook, grill cook, maintained sanitation standards of facilities.
investigations of automotive parts under warranty claim to recreate customer experience and begin countermeasure process; claim investigations for rogue, maxima, qx60, and pathfinder; durability analysis of known high mileage parts issues; assisted quality taskforce for nissan altima; authored thirty-one field investigation reports.
responsibilities are similar to full time description. i worked full time during the summer of two thousand and twenty-three, then transitioned to part time remote during my senior year of my undergraduate education.
co led two thousand and twenty-three my super duty diesel exhaust system development, impacting over 125k trucks.
pcba schematic and layout analog design familiar with power supply topologies, lc filters, op amps, mosfet power amplifiers, etc. coordinated projects across internal teams to develop products according to customer specifications customer support troubleshooting rf generators on plasma chambers development of test procedures, unit specification documents, dfmea’s, and data analysis scripts
one. responsible for ensuring that all equipment and the total electrical system is well maintained. two. for all major jobs such as break down of vsd panels, switchgear, motor, transformers etc. or any modification, import substitution etc three. managed operations in an internal team of five, and client team of three public sector companies for efficient operation of one thousand, four hundred and fourteen km long pipeline gas transmission network in a safe and secure manner
design a complete module, circuit board, or sub assembly, from conception to design and verification. work as a part of a team and ensure that the project progresses in the defined manner. learn from experienced engineers, receive guidance on technical issues, engage in design reviews and help resolve complex problems.
built additive manufacturing (laser powder bed fusion) systems for commercial sales. research and development of new technologies.
reduced infield and administrative costs by minimizing excess processing using mapping software to update company databases. supported team on damage investigations delivered to mpsc by monitoring daily ticket volume analysis to help jump start incident command structure protocol. analyzed daily damage data for gas and electric utilities and distributed workload among ten public safety outreach field inspectors. led a twenty person design project for department sharepoint website redesign.
this was a consulting position where my payroll was from 3rd party. job responsibilities and locations were as per t mobile guidelines.
developed an automated test for a multichannel digital i/o card via labview programming created a planning document and setup diagram for carrying out the test performed troubleshooting to compare results with expected performance
instructed multiple student sections multiple days a week (up to ninety-five students and three days a week), facilitated laboratory experiments, consulted with professors and fellow tas. reviewed and graded student lab reports, homework assignments, and exams. proctored exams and offered small group office hours. grading and handling of student conflicts left to my own discretion. assisted professors with online only instruction starting march two thousand and twenty.
one. teaching assistant for cse three hundred and seventy-nine (introduction to microprocessors) at university at buffalo. two. held lab sessions, answered student’s queries through the official course email and currently helping in developing an assignment for the class. three. held code debug tests during lab sessions to test student’s understanding of the code and to make sure they did not plagiarize the code.
developed and designed an application for document scanning using google firebase ml toolkit, flutter and deployed on android using android studio. text in scanned document/pictures were processed, recognized and presented in an editable format, facilitating error identification and correction.
teaching engineering field work in myanmar and sustainable engineering development
the role of an r&d ic design involves ensuring the reliability and functionality of application specific integrated circuit (asic) designs through comprehensive testing methodologies. responsibilities include collaborating with design engineers to integrate testability features, developing test strategies and patterns, creating test programs, executing tests, analyzing results, and diagnosing faults.
working on the global field engineering team to deliver better solutions for the jvm (core openjdk and prime) customers. more here: https://www.azul.com
responsible for the acars/aircom in the occ department, including budget, projects, and rfp; project manager in the implementation of onboard performance tool (opt) in the ipads of the cockpit; one of the responsible for the paperless cockpit project in the company; developer of vba’s systems to automate processes in the operation; use of r programming language for data analysis, mainly for fuel saving; project manager in the main projects of the operation/occ.
maintained all regulatory documentation for each needed pickup or deliveries. assist with training new team members with their assigned routes. thorough check in and check out process prior to utilizing any given equipment
used programming skills in plc, visual basic and c to perform system testing tasks with focus on testability, robustness and performance of custom industrial wireless remote control systems. developed, maintained, and troubleshot plc software based systems in support of hardware and software design and development activities for process control systems.
i interned in the engineering design division and learnt about their electric vehicles, their architecture, and circuitry. i mainly worked on learning and analysing the various circuits that go into an ev, along with analysing the ev market in the asean regions and identifying the key industries that would be responsible for the ev revolution. i also worked in correspondence with representatives from abb to understand the technology behind charging stations.
modeling of electronic systems
programmed, developed and built automated test equipment (ate) and printed circuit boards (pcb) for launcher power supply. verified and tested canister antenna transmission.
the company is contracted by the united states air force to develop specialized air conditioning and liquid cooling carts for aircraft ground support. i was hired to work on electrical wiring of the units as well as help in the mechanical build process.
programmed uvm components and scripts to build testbenches to verify ips such as mcdma and ethernet subsystem. performed elaborate debugs and coverage analysis for the same. made test plans for different features and worked on their execution.
i was hired for the position of summer research intern in summer two thousand and eighteen for the brainstorming, development and upbringing of a self sustainable energy node using wireless sensor networks for the purpose of energy monitoring
part of a team working on schneider's own iot based platform called the 'ecostruxure'. studied previous projects and made a comprehensive report on the same to gain an insight on different scales of solutions.
various positions held in various locations (saratoga springs, ny; norfolk, va; charleston, sc). led upwards of one hundred enlisted sailors on us naval submarines. duties included directing the navigation of the submarine, monitoring its weapons systems, and supervising the operations and maintenance of its nuclear power plant.
designed and produced test cables for robotics wrote procedures for testing modem interoperability with old and new system performed environmental and electrical testing built and tested loran e h field antenna for special project
performed preventable maintenance on all electrically powered hospital equipment problem solved malfunctioning hospital equipment maintained database for all hospital owned equipment, both onsite and offsite
(one) create schematics for high power supply circuit boards. (two) design/implement and test different revisions of released products. (three) thermal, mechanical and stress testing of pcbs and end products. (four) prepare mtbf and bom analysis reports.
infantry assaultman demolitions and anti armor rocket systems trained and managed four other marines deployments: 31st meu, okinowa japan helmand province, afghanistan
presents technical training in house and at customer sites, focusing on specialized/customized courses, which requires both domestic and international travel, manages classroom/lab activities to assure fulfillment of course objectives. maintains product technical knowledge sufficient to prepare and present defined product courses. responsible for training, certification of all applied materials technicians and customer engineers for the 300mm olympia ald mainframe and chamber equipment
designed layouts for solar panel arrays while considering shading, aesthetics, and customer preference coordinated with the sales and installation team regarding necessary upgrades to residences created plan sets containing detailed calculations & diagrams for city and installation review
industry work in the design, test and validation of communication sector solutions such as rf electronics, antennas, signal processing algorithms and simulation solutions. throughout my work i have become familiar with many topics and tools in the fields of electronics and communications. below is a mention of some (not all) eda tools i have experience with: matlab / simulink ansys hfss / siwave keysight ads altium gnu radio
contributed to verifying a legacy secondary power distribution system for a boeing military aircraft, identifying multiple software issues that improved quality and accuracy. collaborated on developing software for the perigon next generation vehicle management computer, utilizing three different multicore processors for redundancy. used svn for configuration management and integrated polarion alm for requirements. my work on perigon assisted my transition to a direct employee.
intern in fpga prototyping division of mentor graphics india
administered a web based application and took body measurements to measure body image distortion. constructed a raspberry pi 3d scanner to accurately estimate body sizes. analyzed fmri data using the fmrib software library and automated using unix shell scripts.
primarily duty is system performance analysis additonally performing modeling/simulation work
aided senior electrical engineers with designs for mission critical facilities including data centers, medical facilities and leed focused projects.
ecs is a fintech company specializing in software development serving the banking industry. ecs is a registered card personalization bureau for mastercard, amex and visa products. (ecs was the first african owned entity to be certified by mastercard &visa in the east african region
create homework problems and solutions; provide ideas to exam problems; grade homework, quizzes, and exams.
worked on a data analysis project to find bottlenecks and automate workflows in the operations division
installation and repair of computers including desktops, notebooks and tablets. setup of printers and all in ones. kept track of stocks, transferred items to and from other stores, pre ordered products and kept track of transactions using ibm as400. interaction with customers regarding their problems with computers, cameras and printers and solving those problems. assisting customers buy the right computer, camera or printer according to their needs.
conducted circuit analysis and design for allison's electronics hardware team.
aws is a customer obsessed company that provides on demand cloud computing services. as a solutions architect i analyzed customer problems and designed cloud based solutions
debugged, tested, and verified electronic hardware test system using schematics and software. designed software monitor application to gather data over twenty-four hour period for electronic system
led the effort of requirements gathering for a web application that would serve several program offices, a task that included conducting weekly meetings with various stakeholders, documenting, and distributing tasks across multiple teams contributed to the process of data refinement of multiple data frameworks using python, which is extracted from multiple data sources, giving the stakeholders insights about the same event from various perspectives developed tableau dashboards that allow
assisted in creation of engineering control drawings. reviewed control system graphics. ensured that quality standards were maintained for assigned projects. utilized basic statistical tools to analyze data and identify root causes of defects.
guided students in building an arduino powered led prism taught students soldering, machining, crimping, and troubleshooting techniques
i joined actionpower as an engineer in research & development department. i led a group in designing a new high performance and energy efficient power factor correction device.
designed apparatus used to perform temperature testing on radios performed stability analysis on power supplies automated load pull testing analyzed and documented crystal drift data used python to generate plots of large amounts of data
lead a team of four supporting the navy program executive office (peo) ships ddg fifty-one class destroyer engineer and material services branch. oversee all configuration management (cm) support tasking, including managing review of post baseline changes and associated pricing; scheduling, coordinating, and documenting decisions for monthly change boards; and supporting future request for proposal (rfp) development for new ships. maintain ddg fifty-one class change control process, the primary guidance
designing dc dc power converters on hp’s high end desktop workstation mainboards, involving component selection, board debugging, and testing of power rails using oscilloscopes and multimeters. budgeting of power for all components on board to ensure proper function of voltage regulators and power supply. collaborating with original design manufacturers throughout every development phase to review and optimize schematics, layouts, power test reports, and bill of materials (bom).
electrical and electronics engineers supervise and coordinate the research, design, development, testing, procurement, modification, and repair of electrical and electronics equipment. these systems include radar, data systems, electronic warfare devices, and electronic components of missile weapons systems. electrical and electronics engineers also manage the personnel and equipment involved in installing and maintaining this equipment.
i work on the aos to develop and enhance the protocols running on the network switches. during the 1st year, i have worked on the feature automation, tool and framework development.
teaching assistant, lower division general physics courses
responsible for identifying potential risks associated with an onshore wind turbine and mitigate them using control strategies
developed a dynamic sampling algorithm for performing production characterization on epyc processors. performed statistical analysis on test data and communicated results and limitations to core debug teams.
discovered a process to create force field coefficients that accurately predict properties of bulk substances using computational molecular dynamics.
the msu colab studio was a section within msu museum comprising several exhibits dedicated to the intersection of science and art. as a colaborator, i created and facilitated new ways to involve the target audience (young adults, fifteen twenty-five years of age) in the colab studio.
work as team member to accomplish development goals in a scrum environment implement and optimize algorithms develop testing methods for new software regression testing of existing software
processed fund transfers in cash ledger for futures and forex accounts using proprietary tools automated repetitive processes using vba excel and delivered measured efficiency reports researched organizational & industry strengths and weaknesses to present to senior management processed charging positions basis spreads based on vwap and internal controls worked with futures clearing firms abn bank, wedbush securities and admis to confirm receipt of daily wires for derivative omnibus ac
power electronics intern in the power tools department. responsible for integration and testing for new product development.
teaching the entry level electric circuits course to electrical and mechanical engineering majors. co teaching junior design, coaching mixed discipline teams to successful project completions.
worked with dte engineers to develop plans to maintain and improve regional electrical grid reliability. investigated unknown interference issues with residential power distribution grid. interviewed residential customers experiencing power supply issues. collected and organized data regarding residential outage patterns and created relevant work orders.
responsible for performing diagnostic tests, data analysis and report writing. perform on site field tests including electric power generating stations, substations, etc. conduct routine and special testing of power and distribution transformers, voltage regulators, bushings and circuit breakers. perform routine and special tests such as dissipation factor, voltage withstand and partial discharge measurements.
nan
developed functional tests for complex digital circuits and simulated analog circuits for military equipment
i was a research assistant at the robotics, automation, and mechatronics lab at rutgers university. i worked with graduate students doing research on robotics and other areas. i designed, built, and help test the robots they used to write their thesis. we had projects related to bipedal robots, self balancing agricultural bicycle robots, and medical robots. i helped earn rutgers a $3m grant.
i have worked in vlsi verification domain, in which i have experience in the development of verification ips(vips), block level verification, soc level verification. i was a core member of the memory vip development team, in which i have developed expertise in ddr3/four memory, lpddr3/four memory, gddr6 memory.
worked on data plane development kit (dpdk) to reduce the communication time between the host machine and the virtual machine by fifty%, using dpdk.
i worked software maintenance for the f sixteen including flight simulators. my main task was to write software to test and verify the hardware of the jet.
my role encompasses comprehensive electrical design responsibilities, spanning diverse aspects such as impedance calculation, load and no load losses assessment, winding thermal gradients, noise analysis, cooling mechanisms, insulation electrical distance determination, and the precise dimensions of coils and cores. a crucial facet of my work involves executing specialized calculations to validate my designs' robustness, including intricate evaluations like transient voltage distribution (vln).
resilient, autonomous, networked control systems lab research assistant position
front end rtl design and verification for advanced deep sub micron cmos asics emulated dsp soc design on xilinx fpga and performed power performance area (ppa) analysis led the development and adoption of fpga multi boot functionality across various digital design programs
i am a project assistant in the 5g testbed project, funded by the government of india. as a part of sub six ghz baseband team, i’m working on developing receiver algorithms for the physical layer of an open source protocol stack called openairinterface (oai). in this process, i implemented the standard compliant procedures for the physical random access channnel(prach) and contributed it to the oai community. i have also designed the website for the 5g project (https://ece.iisc.ac.in/~5g testbed/)
this role introduced me to the medical device industry through planned study of the regulations that govern device development and manufacturing. i left this role to seek applied project experience that would demonstrate how the regulations and my prior engineering knowledge applied to industry.
part time internship experience during my junior year. worked on low level drivers and middle ware software for embedded micro controllers.
worked and trained under mtnl industry training program, and had hands on their technology employed in mpls, gsm network switching and optical fiber splicing
trained and supported students (~twenty students present per shift) with using makerspace rapid prototyping machines led bimonthly workshops with five ten participants on basics of sla 3d printing, laser cutting, and molding/casting
as a software engineer for the nasa infrared telescope facility (irtf), i maintain and modernize the telescope control system (tcs) and observatory software, including software for remote observing, star catalogs, and observing target ephemerides. i also develop instrument data acquisition systems and graphical user interfaces (gui) for observing instruments.
tutoring of undergraduate students to apply fundamental mathematical concepts in und’s math ninety-eight, one hundred and three, and one hundred and seven courses during both in person and virtual lab sessions formulation of analytical processes and critical thinking skills to determine error sources in problem solving steps in application of algebra and precalculus to required homework questions solve technical issues with the aleks academic learning program coordinate communication between students and lab managers
modeled linear quadratic regulators using matlab to control a quadcopter utilized control theory to develop state space models for optimal response collaborated with a team of graduate students to establish goals and meet deadlines presented weekly research results to faculty and peers
compiled controls material and designed wiring schematics to deliver customer driven end of line test equipment for leading automation partners determined test requirements, deduced electronic and signal specifications, and coproduced panel design with engineering and assembly teams
worked closely with electrical engineers to design battery interconnection to grid for largest energy storage project in ercot at the time communicated frequently with autocad drafters to assign and clarify design details modeled degradation of lithium ion batteries to analyze financial benefit of battery storage implementation as part of a formal report for a client visited wind farm site to see implementation of drawing set package and learn about construction of substation, collection
as an intern, i optimized existing end of line production software to increase yield and output. i also modified existing production fixtures to resolve mechanical/electrical issues when yield issues occur. i also helped to develop device drivers for a new test platform that was in its infancy.
tasked with running africa’s largest data center running support services for treasury dealers in the southern african region. designed and implemented the first webservice application for financial data vending targeting the lower segment of the market.
responsible for providing the press and safety departments with supplies to facilitate the production and shipment of customer orders. efficiently manage inventory by receiving, storing, and distributing materials, establishing accurate stock levels and timely replenishment to support production schedules.
product engineer role in the electronics controls systems group as a sub system engineer. responsible for the definition of actuation subsystem performance requirements, derivation and allocation of component level requirements of actuation mechanisms, clutches, differentials, electrical, controls, sw, control modules, definition of component interfaces, analysis, balancing design margin and risk across components. system applications range from ice to hybrid systems with high voltage emotors.
active duty military. surface warfare officer, nuclear option. graduated from naval nuclear power school and qualified engineering officer of the watch, certified by naval reactors. serving on uss theodore roosevelt (cvn seventy-one)
electrical design engineer at a commercial nuclear power plant.
conducts design, analysis, prototype fabrication, and evaluation of electronic assemblies for army applications. uses printed circuit board (pcb) design tools, designs and assembles for ground support equipment, test fixtures for validation, and production calibration fixtures for circuit board and sub assemblies. develops field programmable gate array (fpga) hardware description language (hdl) simulation, synthesis, and hardware validation.
i was part of the advance technology development group for a fully autonomous robotics. i helped the team with testing different communication and localization method for the robot. i have gained experience with coding on imbedded systems.
worked on testbench porting from dv (design verification) to ate testing using cadence virtuoso. worked on unified test flow, that ports the ate hardware schematic from cadence allegro/altium designer into cadence virtuoso to create a dv testbench automatically.
as a chemistry teaching assistant, i taught general chemistry laboratory courses to undergraduate students. i prepared and delivered pre lab lectures, demonstrating proper lab techniques and safety protocols, and supervised and guided students during lab experiments, ensuring accurate and timely completion.
i aided in electrical design processes using revit and autocad software.
worked in a team developing analog integrated circuits, personally performing validation at a test bench. see further microchip employment for more information.
applied svm algorithms to classify radar pulses using handcrafted radar pulse features and machine learning features
assisted with electric vehicle test drives including one at google environment day to encourage electric vehicle purchases operated twitter page focused on electric vehicles to promote new technologies and increase public interest
worked with r&d team for the development and testing of custom router in synopsys custom compiler which is a custom design implementation tool. my primary responsibilities were to develop test cases to validate the design rule checkers developed for advance node design rules from tsmc and intel foundry and create regression environment for product development. in addition have worked on testing and deployment of interactive router feature to the internal ip team
owner and creator of a web api and gui application that runs on a xilinx fpga and allows for communication with custom rtl design used in surface mount technology (smt) test stations. implemented continuous integration (ci) pipelines for automatic code deployments and versioning which saves the team hours per week in manual build processes.
concentrated on electrical systems improvement projects including communications and sensors. summer intern.
as a research assistant, i not only support research projects but also provide assistance to students with various projects in electrical engineering, robotics, and electronics.
mentored students to solve gis software problems, create their own maps, and learn techniques that can be applied to a wide variety of subject areas within geography and other disciplines
calculate power system protective relay settings. program, configure, test, and commission power system relay protection and control devices and systems for utility and industrial clients.
operation and maintenance of the roaming platforms, including core network configurations for voice and gprs services. implementation of the roaming international prepaid service for comcel – colombia based on camel protocol and in service operation of tekelec signaling analyzing platform for international roaming service troubleshooting.
plan within a ten year span for contingencies of sce’s electrical grid as well as develop any upgrades necessary to accommodate generation interconnection projects and/or projected load forecasts. utilize software tools such as positive sequence load flow (pslf) and cape to perform analyses—power flow, dynamic validation and short circuit duty—to verify stability of sce’s subtransmission systems.
patent litigation and prosecution
resident at space systems analysis division at an off site research facility. incorporated different security subsystems to meet standardized specifications. utilized matlab, python, and multi building local network system techniques to create a graphical command center that controlled and collected signals from long distance lines from three to thirty meter mission essential parabolic antennas.
provided engineering assistance to pharma and life science companies.
processed over $one hundred and nine million dollars’ worth of military supply equipment with written detailed reports for inventory control. trained and developed marines in support of military operations to oversee storage, processing, and shipping of supplies.
taught kindergarten through 6th grade. taught 1st grade science and art.
distributed control system (abb 800xa, siemens s7, allen bradley & emerson delta v) and plant information system (osisoft pi system) management & development as and when required. involved in electrical then instrumentation and control commissioning of the whole process plant as well as the design, planning, construction/implementation & commissioning of plant extension (electrical, instrumentation & control) to increase copper cathode production from 115ktpa to 195ktpa and cobalt.
as an applications engineer, i worked under the facilities rebuild and retrofit department. we manufactured metal coil processing equipment. i would work directly with our customers and our design engineers to address customer requests. requests range from redesigning their line to include additional equipment, upgrading their equipment either mechanically, electrically or hydraulically, as well as providing additional features to their machinery to provide additional processing capabilities
i design and test fpgas that are implemented on mission computers for military aircraft. my current project is a multilevel security switch that manages data across multiple security domains (i.e. confidential, secret, top secret). i write rtl and verification in systemverilog. i utilize the universal verification methodology (uvm) to create test environments for the rtl design.
the project details are shielded by an nda ;however, the following was done: analog design with corner simulations, layout with post layout simulations. a tape out was conducted.
retail analytics people counter: classifier for detection of humans from overhead cameras; eradicated the need for per device stereo calibration by achieving real time disparity map generation using the optical flow algorithm. imaging solutions: developed components for stitching and blending hdr panoramic images with stringent memory and performance constraints; developed a helper sdk for image warping and processing on gpu(s) for android/ios; developed a cross platform panorama stitching sdk
direct responsibility for all aspects of engineering project deliverables including project management, financials, staffing, build, schedule, specifications, and customer interface.
completed continuous improvement projects that improved plant safety and reliability collaborated with team of technicians on the installation of new plant wide flow meters led risk evaluations on all projects with manufacturing and engineering stakeholders
served as a communications officer which involved designing communications architectures to ensure units were able to effectively communicate.
added an auto router function to the team's matlab software suite to quickly produce optimal routes for aircraft to evade radar detection on point to point missions researched computer science approaches and chose a search algorithm based on its speed and optimality the algorithm's success instigated its usage in other projects created sophisticated analysis techniques utilizing realistic radar cross sections and the radar range equation to evaluate radar detections
develop and test c++ code for spectrum analyzer control and data acquisition, actively devising new procedures to best meet unique project objectives generate clean, effective codes for information and signal processing in python, matlab, c++ conduct rf hardware setup, calibration, and real time signal processing at sea trials perform 3d fea analysis of a magnetic gear (electromagnetic, thermal, structural, and acoustic)
i prepared and prosecuted patent applications and counseled on patent litigation as well as assisted high technology clients in reviewing complex commercial agreements. my technology focus was in integrated circuits, soc, 3d ic, operating systems, automated driving systems, iot, computer networking, memory (3dxp, nvram, dram, caching, etc.), telecommunications, wireless, digital media, and artificial intelligence, artificial neural networks, deep learning, blockchain, and computer security.
consultancy services for the packet core project in claro – chile (2g, 3g and lte networks). site support to the customer for designs and deployment of the packet core implementations. customer training. configuration and troubleshooting of packet core lte network.
design, develop, and test various iterations of salus (stabilizing aerial loads utility system), an operationally unobtrusive reaction wheel stabilization assembly. acquired by vita inclinata technologies in september two thousand and twenty.
perform electrical design and analysis work in support of 777x program: perform program management statement of work such as bottom up staffing estimates and project planning. develop and maintain requirement documentations such as specification control document and system description document. perform analysis and design of electrical subsystems including proximity sensing system and tail strike system. perform model based system engineering on electrical subsystems
streamlined process for engineers to conduct energy audits by creating tool to track and consider existing light distributions, property style to create quality and energy efficient led lighting design identified steps to reduce return rates by ten% resulting in an estimated $10k cost savings per project by connecting with utility companies and rental management companies to determine specialized rebates and discounts assisted project engineers by submitting rfi, process submittals
led the development of advanced radar modeling tool for the dod within a team of ten engineers (java) redesigned complex ui using modern swing api & heuristic evaluation
perform x86 server hardware functional tests including high/low speed interfaces such as i2c, usb, pcie, jtag, and spi using lab equipment and programs/scripts debug and track system level issues/failures such as pcie margin, nvme ltssm, fpga si, timing, and general non compliant signal failures contribute to validation test plans and test cases preparation record and update validation reports on all performed tasks be a critical link between the design, system, and software (fw, fpga,
i am currently a survivability engineer that helps design and fabricate equipment that makes planes undetectable to radar.
power/electrical engineer for olsson, an engineering consulting firm based out of lincoln, ne, and a top one hundred engineering firm. see resume for details.
sustained twinscan at/xt/nxt duv photo lithography scanner equipment operation at customer site to support its dram and flash memory fabrication contributed to customer’s factory ramp up by assisting new equipment installations, arranging system relocations and performing fco upgrades conducted safety inspections in sub fab to ensure proper operations of heat exchangers, chillers, water pumps and mixer valves
major feature development for machine learning platform which enables large enterprises to automate workflows around unstructured data. build and support large distributed software systems built on top of the cutting edge research in nlp, transfer learning, and computer vision.
participates in design reviews for component selection and standardization. authorizes ecos (engineering change orders) written against component and specifications expertise in finding replacement for oem components. performed design reviews of equipment’s and also carried the bill of material review
modem firmware engineer design, implementation, unit testing and debugging embedded firmware/dsp modules for wcdma physical layer in multi threaded and real time embedded systems using c, assembly languages. developed physical layer firmware for concurrent rat (crat) operations like 4g+3g, 5g+3g optimization of modem timelines, latency, mips and power worked on vector firmware (simd) for 5g nr modems
researched mp3 encoder/decoders and microcontrollers. designed schematics to integrate mp3 player with waterfi’s fitness tracker. designed pcb layout for development boards and fitness tracker board.
quality control in shop the farms platform, devsu labs courses.
analyze rf system performance. perform system level rf tests and debug any electronic problems.
design, refine, and maintain the computer systems that control automated equipment in a steel mill.
research, design and development of mobis bootloader architecture development of legacy device drivers for communication modules like can, lin, spi for various controllers analysis and implementation of firmware safety and security modules mcal configurations and unit, integration & functional testing along with static analysis fault analysis during on road vehicle testing
worked the two thousand and sixteen and two thousand and seventeen summers at raytheon as an intern first in the configurable logic department, then in modeling and simulations.
(under nda) programmed in python and numpy to develop features for in house engineering software
worked as an engineer for the software department. this includes the development of websphere appserv and integration solutions for mq and mb.
perform invasive and non invasive maintenance on tools. organize and run return to production plans to restore tools to production state.
digital systems verilog (ece two hundred and seventy) advised students on efficient ways to develop solutions to problems relating to digital logic, logic network design, sequential networks, and digital systems. specialized in teaching of computer hardware and networking systems, with a focus on hardware description languages and programmable logic devices.
o created new/edited current schematic wiring diagrams in autocad electrical o assisted with day to day plant controls maintenance tasks o observed engineers and other technical roles working in a team environment o learned about fabrication/production control systems o learned about industrial machine vision applications o led team to develop a custom laser line generator fixture and controls to reduce misplaced decals on string trimmer shafts in production line
acquired hands on experience with electrical equipment such as motors, breakers, relays, substations, buses, low & medium voltage mcc, transformers, power distribution systems, and other industrial electrical equipment (120v to 138kv). designed and developed construction packages for three electrical infrastructure upgrades which resulted in improved reliability, increased efficiency, and safer working conditions.
design circuits with robust fault protection, giving residential and industrial customers stable quality power. collaborated with various groups to put together a work plan for two thousand and nineteen and two thousand and twenty. countermeasure existing electrical design issues. participated in an investigative triad to resolve poor performing circuits for the public utility commissions of ohio. confer daily with engineers, customer service reps and other groups to discuss existing or potential engineering projects.
test engineering intern. qualitatively and quantitatively characterized competitor product function. performed automation for cradle to grave lifecycle environmental impact assessments. used statics analysis in excel to determine ideal geometries for product function.
i tested company products for functionality and quality under different operating environments and presented results for engineering review.
current classified work: evaluating jammers in protecting an asset performing operational analysis on a platform completed unclassified work: presented multiple times to the air force about our lidar system's capability on a uav, the tradeoffs between the design parameters, and how the mission metrics compared to the benchmarks improved team's ability to simulate flight paths based on waypoints and commands (e.g. fly one minute, turn right forty-five degrees at a bank angle of forty-five degrees, etc.)
coordinated the activities of multiple technical teams, and monitored progress to ensure projects were delivered on time and communicated effectively to various stakeholders and individuals across the organization. managed the development and curation of kpis to monitor project performance. developed a web based platform to integrate and visualize regional data.
automotive test lead engineer at ti dlp mems development focusing on device development, manufacturing, and test for automotive mems chips. also develop optical/image processing algorithms for creating robust manufacturing processes.
during two thousand and twenty worked nights in michigan due to covid entry restrictions in china (but with the china team). two thousand and twenty-one spent whole year in shanghai assisting with bcm/elm calibrations, bench and vehicle debugging, and milestone deliverables of software and calibration packages for vehicle programs. returned in feb 'twenty-two to resume bcm/elm calibrations in michigan for north america programs locally at warren.
design, integration/assembly, and testing experience. focused on designing and building cable assemblies. certified in j std 001h soldering and solder power cables for many rf components. currently trying to get my foot in the door to rf.
modeled the properties of the drain extended tunnel fet (detfet) using tcad simulation software and compared the results with the drain extended mosfets and similar high power mosfet designs. moreover, subjected the detfets to electrostatic discharge (esd) conditions and derived the formation/physical insights of the localized thermal filament formation.
designed and delivered the electrical system schematic for the halo spacecraft. designed and delivered a pcb test board using orcad to support ethernet cable integrity study on impact of different types of ethernet connectors. managed harness design of ethernet and other communication link architecture. developed a detailed production break design in coordination with harness and hsi to align separation, maintainability and manufacturability requirements and concerns.
i oversaw and directed a department of sixteen union employees at a manufacturing facility operating twenty-four/seven with one hundred and thirty-two cavities and two large furnaces. the team i directed was responsible for the cleaning, repair and preparation of all mould equipment in the plant. i was responsible for seven lathes, four mills and over $twenty million in mould equipment. i managed an annual budget of over $one million, i ordered mould equipment and suggested and oversaw revisions to mould equipment.
oversee and coach students from across the elementary to high school programs weekly to improve technique, stamina, and overall prowess in swimming at one of the premier schools in the city develop rigorous workouts, interactively teach proper form, and aid students directly in one two hour sessions weekly
design, test, and certify printed circuit board modules for aircraft.
responsible for the acars in the occ department, including budget, projects, and rfp; aircom server administrator working with programming and configurations; acars aoc customization (screen, parameters, frequency); one of the responsible for the paperless cockpit project in the company; project manager in the main projects of the operation/occ (rfp, scope, working groups); lead risk analysis for the projects on my responsibility; contact with suppliers and regulators.
created cad documents to help with future substation installations replaced old breakers and switches in cad with the up to date versions
assisted with microscopy, image analysis, software development, devices used in experiments design and protocol creation.
created a data checker that verified probe test information across different wafer reruns.
working on automated test equipment and hardware designs for air flight assets. software support and coding for equipment using proprietary software, labview, visual studio, python, matlab, c# and various other programs as needed for design. testing, integration, parts ordering and tracking, cable design, production support, and department coordination of assets and equipment. creating drawing standards, templates and libraries for lab, production, and test equipment. support troubleshooting la
design and development of brushless dc assembly tools for automotive assembly manufacturing
research and create project plan and roadmap for harris corp.’s metal additive manufacturing initiative using microsoft office suite and visual basic.
i currently support multiple precision stabilized pointing & tracking systems across business areas in the electronic systems sector. i develop detailed simulink models of these systems and use them for requirements trade studies, algorithm and control systems design, and performance evaluation. i have also supported various gnc efforts for the apkws laser guided rocket program, and led modelling & simulation efforts for an apkws development project to effectively destroy airborne targets.
worked as a project intern for four weeks.
design verification engineer at the qualcomm wifi phy_top receiver team responsible for various features
design and implement software of newly designed embedded devices and c/c++ based systems from requirements to production by analyzing, troubleshooting and resolving firmware programming errors and failures. participate as part of design team to perform unit testing on products before releasing to system test, to manufacture and to develop solutions, programs, and processes to improve efficiency. enhance the ability to do thorough analysis of test failures and skilled in problem recreation us
researched and implemented four quantum algorithms in amplitude estimation using ibm’s qiskit. producing results were three four times quicker for toy problems than their classical analogues, with only a five% error margin. i independently researched a novel idea of quantum electricity contracts using quantum algorithms for determining electricity spot prices. in turn, this would lead to more proactive electricity grid management. presented market research and business case to aws, microsoft chief scientist.
assembly of autonomous vehicle components, modules and sensors create and test electrical wire harnesses end of line testing and hardware bring up bootstrapping of pcbas integration of components into vehicle platforms create, organize, and revise work instructions manufacturing process improvement
built sustainable relationships and trust with thirty+ clients through open and interactive communication managed a team of two; provided supervision, on boarding training and technical trainings while undertook daily project management tasks for five projects and schedules as a team; responsible for reporting progress to the director contacted and supervised subcontractors to conduct alteration to properties before selling or renting, communicated with city planners, reviewers, and three engineers
developing infrastructure and process for better collection and management of data.
underwent course based and hands on training on designing and implementation of secure iot applications under dr. anand bhojan, dr. chan mun chun and dr. tan wee kek. created a haptic feedback gear for an immersive experience in virtual reality. completed project based coursework on iot network security developed a smart web based book management system for a smart city prototype
schedule, execute and supervise the operation activities of the generation units, substation, and their auxiliary services as well as coordinate the execution of works with the maintenance area and with the ecuadorian national electricity operator (cenace)
co op engineering working on autonomous vehicle systems and software.
was a teaching assistant for ece twenty thousand, eight hundred and seventy-five python for data science. helped students with both python and data science concepts, as well as holding office hours, grading homework, and proctoring exams.
streamlined quality control process to improve procedure and data collection, applied complex multivariate modeling techniques including partial least squares and artificial neural network analyses to infectious titer correlation, supervised multiple r&d projects to optimize hardware and software integration, and trained other employees in r&d and quality control processes.
oversaw the creation and support of data communication systems, point of sales (pos), access control, security, and fire alarm systems for over two hundred stores new or existing upgrading. was in charge of tech support for those stores.
i worked in a fiber optics lab where i designed the power electronics for the fiber optics systems.
work on a team developing analog integrated circuits for driving brushless dc motors in automotive applications. personally responsible for conceiving and performing tests that validate the products parametrically across all marginal operation conditions. this involves designing microcontroller based circuit boards, writing test scripts in lua, and strong communication with design and application engineers to ensure satisfactory results.
i interned at reliance jio from 2nd may two thousand and nineteen to 11th june two thousand and nineteen. i helped the department design circuits to interface different sensors to their nic. i also helped the team on their jio vehicle tracking system(jvts). in my capacity as an intern, i helped the team in interfacing jvts to the j1939 protocol used in large cranes.
full time electrical engineering support of maritime electro optics; additionally support image processing efforts in multiple fascets.
i was in charge of electrical, industrial automation, robotics, and embedded systems.
provide technical support all throughout the manufacturing process of the microwave network analyzer(pna) from conception to manufacturing, testing and troubleshooting of microwave network analyzers. providing multi disciplinary support to engineers to resolve a wide range of technical issues associated with production.
creating conveyor routing systems on an in house made linux middleware. mostly programming in c++, lua and javascript/html.
maintenance of medical device
began as r+d test engineer, writing labview programs to automate final product and new product development testing move to design engineer role with emphasis on optimizing components on infant electro mechanical actuator product line promoted and tasked with developing new product line including complete specification of product's market, product specifications, high level and detailed design of system hydraulics, electronics and controls. introduced microplc into system to automate
design and improve switchgear products and testing procedures.
be in charge of editing programming courses for the development team
led and participated on teams of software, mechanical, and electrical engineers developing instant and digital camera products, graphic arts printers, and medical printers
laboratory technologist supporting independent nuclear safety assessment. responsible for maintaining electronics lab, performing electromechanical assembly and disassembly of nuclear safety components. maintaining nuclear safety training material for instructor use. engage with people across sandia in closely related groups to investigate sfi’s. provide critical insight to weapon assessment teams about nuclear safety related items and components.
at garmin, i was a member of the aviation interfaces team. my primary responsibilities were to develop software for avionics systems interfaces. i also designed a software application which allowed for manufacturers to create the factory image software for any product, saving approximately ten hours labor for each product, created system and module tests to enforce excellent execution of software engineering principles, and migrated over one hundred existing system tests into a new testing system.
one. working with the soc design team for designing distributed interconnect for the chip, which will be reponsible for carrying data and address information throughout the chip. two. developed an autonomous flow for generating all the files required for rtl build. three. done synthesis and timing closure for the interconnect. four. along with work, organized several team outings.
developed a ml model to determine action propensity for seller actions in seller central (homepage for seller side marketplace) migrated seller actions on the homepage form a code driven approach (rest api) to a data driven approach (scala based model) deprecated the api by analyzing actions to transfer to the new model utilized aws (sagemaker, redshift, and athena), python, and sql
i worked under two different professors in their respective labs. the first position involved writing python scripts to simulate local electric fields near the tip of an electron nano emitter. this position was five hrs/wk during the school year. the second position was forty hrs/wk during the summer of two thousand and nineteen. my responsibilities involved building and maintaining lab equipment (diode lasers, cameras, interferometers, etc.) as well as writing code in the igor language to control the hardware.
data quality, data visualization/analysis in tableau, sharepoint site creation/maintenance, and other dm&a tasks.
determine technology constraints of 5g mmwave in verizon's current architecture. provided estimates on 5g network traffic and define projected bandwidth/latency requirements from applications such as connected cars and other iot devices.
developed new web applications utilizing javascript and angular two+ maintained and updated existing web applications primarily using asp .net created and sustained windows services and applications to promote facility automation and support applications implemented backend data connections using sql server and oracle databases
established a dynamic replication system of critical plant databases onto a secondary server (recognized as an outstanding contribution at the quarterly cross functional plant team meeting) programmed and interfaced a plc (programmable logic controller) to install a stack light that would alert operators about impending issues of critical plant equipment, allowing for reduced unplanned down time
calculus ii (vv116) is for international students only one. hold review class for students to review course materials two. answer questions from international students in office hour three. grade exam and homework
i provided patent procurement services as well as open source software licensing services. and, i assisted in patent litigation related to smart phone technologies and computer software.
implemented popular cryptosystem algorithms such as rsa and dl using python and sagemath.
design cable harnesses to mil spec standards using autocad and capital software. created lab procedures using microsoft word and excel to be used for the characterization of field equipment. remotely presented weekly overviews of experiment progress and results.
created logic drawings and graphics for two control systems in the power generation industry. assisted with the installation of four control systems. underwent safety and integrity training.
design, implementation, software and unit testing, and development across a diverse array of control systems and architectures with a strong emphasis on each client’s requirements and goals work with c++ (gui tool), embedded c, java, visual c, micro python, assembly, can, i2c, spi, uart, and proprietary protocols boards include ti, multiple stm32s, multiple esp32s, and pyboard uses ms visual studio, esp idf, and stm32cubeide develop using bare metal and real time operating systems,
designs and simulates circuitry, board layout using cad software, debugs and hardware validation using initial tests and software. develops, executes, and evaluates validation hardware and software testing and product specifications.
executed full stack development initiatives as a member of a lean, agile development team delivering internal sales and operations software optimized database queries, including taking a main page query from sixty+ seconds down to less than two seconds for the full page load programmed back end api endpoints in ruby on rails for an angular front end
utilized the theory of design and lean manufacturing to analyze the gaps and opportunities to further automate our production sites towards industry four.zero.
internship, june august two thousand and twenty, two thousand and twenty-one worked on navy projects under jxyn, tactical communications branch, on communication systems for army ampv and stryker. conducted qa both hardware and drawings, redlined drawings where appropriate; gained hands on experience with installation of hardware and qa of the communication system itself. demonstrated strong communication with both engineers, technicians, and contractors through tasking.
commissioned transmission and distribution substation additions and modifications, ensuring proper installation, functionality, and energization. oversaw substation installations, developing check out guides, reviewing and approving test results, and ensuring the safety and reliability of the utility transmission and distribution system. resolved design errors, enhancing the safety and efficiency of operations. provided field engineering support, verifying wiring and equipment functional
lead systems efforts in perception domain for traffic jam assist feature used codebeamer for requirements management, test case creation, and traceability reviewed code in linux environment to ensure requirements were being met aided in diagnostics requirements and code co development in late stage developed sil test cases with test team and reviewed test results in carmaker created and updated sdd with uml diagrams and requirements with sysml diagrams
overall responsibility for nuclear trained mechanics on a nimitz class aircraft carrier, charged with maintenance, repair, upgrade and operation of two naval nuclear pressurized water reactors, steam propulsion and electric plants, and balance of plant equipment. additionally, i was qualified propulsion plant watch officer, wherein i was responsible for the overall safe operation of one of two onboard nuclear power plants and associated equipment.
initiated wi fi communication with morningstar solar controllers from the existing equipment and new devices to develop a complete communication system. performed data testing and analysis on solar controllers using data logging systems and completed engineering report. increased future product quality by determining potentially faulty controllers.
my work focuses on the development of neurovascular medical devices. i assisted the design of flow diverting stents, aspiration catheters, and microcatheters. as an r&d project leader, i carried two products from design conception to design transfer: a distal access catheter (approved and commercialized in china) and a stent retriever device for treatment of ischemic stroke (awaiting clinical trial).
design and testing of power and control circuits for motor drives and motor control algorithms for power tools rf designs for wireless communications (ble, wifi, eight hundred and two.fifteen.four) li ion battery pack design
provide one on one assistance to students who need help understanding concepts. attend classes with lab to provide assistance with lab. help with grading of labs, quizzes and exams. classes include circuit analysis i, circuit analysis ii, circuits lab, signal and system theory, mircroeletronic circuit analysis ii.
wrote software for one of the departments in the us dod.
participated in national educational research and development project and analyzed the data of various educational information platforms independently in order to forecast the future development direction of information education; utilized user portrait modeling technology to create data knowledge graph and database in order to analyze user requirements accurately and allocate publication resources reasonably;
worked on 5g testbed development. worked on inverse problem in signal processing.
trained on various pieces of heavy machinery to aid in construction worked as a team to safely and efficiently replace runway signs, keeping the airport's schedule as undisturbed as possible installed conduit, spliced wiring, installed sign foundation and operated various hand tools ensured quality of installation at each stage of the process and performed corrections as necessary
rotation development position, current rotation involves fpga firmware development.
designed and built solutions to advance packaging production infrastructure. developed congruent packaging machines, and software applications. incorporated large scale automation projects, machine learning, laser technology, computer vision, robotics, and chemical processes into machines and software applications. invented, developed and patented first “anilox cleaning laser machine,” which disrupted the flexible packaging industry and to date, is still the only one of its kind.
member of the payload assembly, integration, and test team. responsibilities include developing tools/applications to process and visualize rf calibration and performance test data, characterizing and maintaining the test range rf link budget, and developing/executing automated calibration and performance tests to ensure system level performance meets customer requirements.
i opened a law firm in march two thousand and twenty specializing in intellectual property and patent law. i am an electrical engineer and uspto registered patent attorney (reg. no. fifty-seven,one hundred and forty-two) with over twenty-three years of industry experience in high technology including eight+ years in software and information systems development and fifteen years in intellectual property law. i am admitted to practice law in minnesota and illinois as well as before the united states patent and trademark office (uspto).
process to water (p2w) company limited is a water treatment company that specializes in treating industrial wastewater from various mining sectors.
trace fault along transmission line, and rectifying it installation of power transmission equipments like, transformers, circuit breakers, insulators etc, extension of power line
managed the engineering execution of several high volume manufacturing sites on multiple products/processes (device, e liquid pod assembly, fill & packaging). dotted line manager to site controls/manufacturing/npi engineering teams.
research and development – assisted in collection and analysis of data to enable design and manufacture of a seminal stadium truck and numerous time attack, rally and tarmac racing vehicles vehicle setup – involved in setup and analysis of numerous racing vehicles race engineering – worked as a race engineer with multiple teams using motec i2 and video vbox software. achieved outright win at the inaugural nsw production touring cars super enduro in two thousand and fourteen. computer aided design – extensive
research and development, for enabling automated document analysis using computer vision: current project involves entity extraction such as addresses, dates, amount from medical document images.
digital engineer in the firmware department focusing on vhdl design and simulation for electronic warfare systems.
working on new product development in the field of cold forming machinery (bolts and screw making machinery). covering machinery built in china at our nmgt facility as the lead electrical engineer for their lean, puma, and leanht product lines.
install, maintain, and repair the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing systems in the world working on systems that incorporate: precision optics hydraulics thermal systems lasers advanced control software pneumatic controls gas delivery systems high vacuum computers and networking high/low pressure systems scanning electron microscopes robotics all of this within an ultra clean environment utilize advanced tools (oscilloscopes, dvm’s, advanced software diagnostic’s, etc.)
use of python and embedded c to create command line programs and mock microcontrollers for military battery management systems. high level of electrical systems comprehension to understand the architecture behind battery management systems and testing. troubleshoot and diagnose faulty components and battery packs on the production floor. use of arduino and can/canbus implementation to frontend program(s) that allowed hardware to communicate over serial (usb, rs232, uart, can, i2c) and gathe
designed and constructed lab setups to investigate flow performances of sagd/css techniques with a chemical additive conducted advanced visualization and coreflood tests at high temperature and pressure which required strong problem identification and solving skills screened and reviewed potential chemical solutions for enhanced (heavy )oil recovery
led engineering efforts on advanced obsolescence projects for integrated control systems on the m1a2 abrams family of tanks created support packages and drivers using c, c++, bash, for embedded intel and arm systems (vxworks, rhel, and gvos linux) designed hardware architecture, firmware, ethernet & can interfaces, and performed field integration testing helmed the effort to streamline and clean up product codebases; responsible for professional development of department intern
develop and design system on chip for various consumer applications. focus on all aspects of front end design and development including simulation, lint, low power and synthesis
note my hours during the fall two thousand and twenty-two semester have only been ten to fifteen hours a week. performed procedure writing for integration and aliveness tests of various engineering model test bed (emtb) components and held review session of said procedures with the electrical test team aided in coding numerous test scripts that will be used during the dc integration of the emtb entered hundreds of test aid items from multiple programs into a northrop grumman proprietary tracking system created an
as a government contractor at a national lab my work involves developing and evaluating the scanning equipment used by dhs agents at airports and points of entry around the country.
worked with ‘data protector software’ development team developed perl scripts to automate testing for data protector software modified test cases to reduce test time and added test cases for better coverage enhanced the existing test framework by profiling the resource requirement for each test case and achieved parallel execution of test cases
worked as an electrical engineer in a hardware role for the ttr two thousand, one hundred tcas radio system, in a software role for the iss two thousand, one hundred ciss radio system, and in a systems role for the tss four thousand, one hundred tcas radio and glu two thousand, one hundred mmr radio.
managed $five.two million dollars’ worth of military armament equipment with accountability, maintenance, and storage safety. spearheaded training for armament equipment of small arms, high caliber weapons, and night vision sights.
completed seventeen special orders by altering the designs of standard parts and recreating product documentation. amassed and documented data into the internal system for the compact cylinder series. designed a continuous lifecycle test for standard air cylinders. performed quality engineering analysis on non conforming parts to evaluate customer discretion.
responsible for developing control algorithms to improve wind turbine power production and reduce mechanical component loading
responsible for the integration of electric over hydraulic control in our high mobility engineer excavator and provide project direction with strong technical leadership skills lead the development of drive by wire systems on the above mentioned vehicle for unmanned system operation https://asc.army.mil/web/portfolio item/cs css route clearance interrogation system rcis type i/ serve as technical specialist in stress analysis on our existing and future military equipment using classic and comput
i developed two codes. one was to enhance the fluorescent intensity and calculate the number of beads in images. and the other was to control the microfluid pump based on fluorescent detection. also, i finished several little projects.
write and test new code for new feature added to our software. troubleshoot, debug and fix issue found into existing code. document new feature developed, and other work done
oversaw eighty students weekly in a lab setting. helped to answer questions, debug simulation code, and verify students answers.
started as an intern while attending school and worked my way up to a full time software engineer. i developed software to test electrical motors as well as electrical design for automated assembly machines.
served as lead systems engineer for a five person team charged with development and deployment of an array of twelve 4m ground station receptors in support of the npoess program. analyzed system performance data to help define telemetry command & control bandwidth capabilities, network architecture, and ground station locations to ensure minimum data latency.
participation in designing, development, deployment, maintenance, and innovation in the acquisition of new clients and activation of existing clients via bank accounts creation digitally. currently, we sell seven products digitally and open ninety-six thousand accounts per month serving clients from the web and local agencies
engineered several cost and performance driven modules for new restaurant installed frozen food dispensing machine using pro/e and fea
developed apps for android using java, xml, and sqlite for commercial applications (eclipse ide): developed an android application that interfaces a usb hardware device using the android ndk making calls to an api written in c developed automation applications using visual basic .net designed and implemented a localization algorithm in c++ for radios kept precise documentation (statement of work, design document, test plan, and code comments) and used git version
travel to power plants across the us to perform retrofit, maintenance and troubleshooting on ge's voltage regulator & digital electronic starter equipment(ex2100e, ls2100e) set up and modify the hardware and software associated with heavy duty gas turbine & steam turbine excitation/lci system. provide technical direction for wiring install and terminate, complete functionality checks, and troubleshooting the turbine excitation/lci system. perform preventive maintenance on the ex and lci.
leads labview development to facilitate certification testing through the department of defense (dod), including tool design, prototype development, tracking schedule, leading status meetings, and managing $1m in budget. designed certification test procedures for fully integrated testing of an aerial communication, navigation, and identification system. developed and managed traceability of system requirements at every level of integration. modeled signal processing capabilities in matlab.
as field application engineer at hyperstone, my main goals are to support customers in handling our memory controllers, develop firmware enhancements and optimizations, design api's, and be in constant communication with firmware, hardware and test teams.
enrolled as a cadet at the united states coast guard academy for four years while pursuing a b.s. in electrical engineering alongside a military education.
worked as electrical engineering intern in sepp special projects research division to design, create, and integrate a backup emergency navigation system for commercial aircraft, to be used in conjunction with the ttr two thousand, one hundred tcas radio/collision avoidance system and ads b communication protocol.
equivalent to research assistant
responsible for provider facing value based care/health economics products
i was involved in the study of the delta e effect on ferromagnetic materials and its applications in devices, by studying the variations of these materials' young's modulus in the presence of a series of magnetic fields. with the experimental results obtained i also simulated the deformation caused by an applied stress on ferromagnetic materials under different electromagnetic fields using finite element analysis.
tutored students in higher level math, physics and electrical engineering courses.
dealing with the technical issues in the lvs; cctv, access control, public address and conference panels. attended intersec two thousand and eighteen as a bosch employee and provided support with bvms eight.zero stitching technology and public address demos. designed cctv systems and public address systems for different hotels in uae, qatar, pakistan and kingdom of saudi arabia and naval base of qatar performed acoustic simulations with ease address software to provide the client with the right quantity and quality
led team of fifteen students to design and construct a sounding rocket payload for material science experiment managed budget, schedule, and communication between team and sponsors at air force research laboratory conducted payload check outs of electrical hardware during integrated testing and launch campaigns
gained insight on many project management topics by working directly under a project manager, growing my organizational and leadership skills reported on project progress by reading blueprints and noting the progress of each section of hvac installation which ensured progress remained on schedule performed takeoffs from project blueprints to order parts while paying close attention to technical details wrote lps, rfis, and sent o&m and warranties to general contractor, verifying the accuracy of
plans, schedule, and facilitate review sessions for exams and assignment help evaluates student performance, including exams, quizzes, and homework grading
i'm currently working with the cache and array team on performing pre silicon validation to ensure design for test elements for memory arrays are functional and robust prior to tape out deadlines and ready for manufacturing. i'm also performing post silicon validation by developing and deploying memory self test algorithms to screen for defects during high volume manufacture and assembly.
maintenance engineer, develop plant solutions to improve machine reliability and throughput. project support and software maintainer
development and maintenance of cross platform sdk's. development and maintenance of windows applications. technology research and benchmarking. analytics driven feature specification, implementation, testing, and maintenance. knowledge transfer through code reviews and mentorship. collaboration with data analytics and other teams. systems development work draws on security, networking, software design, and debugging experience.
developed their new insights program using angular, so they could use in house software and not contract out. worked as an analyst for the first month as well, helping fix technical solutions throughout the company.
execute, with minimal guidance, the electromagnetic analysis, design, test, and product integration activities required to define and support the assigned special military products inlet/exhaust components. electromagnetic product design leadership participated in cross functional teams to address organizational initiatives and generic issues assured proper documentation of technical em data generated for the assigned projects and/or tasks consistent with engineering policies and proced
as an intellectual property attorney, i draft and prosecute patent applications for a variety of technologies. additionally, i have litigated cases involving patents for semiconductor technology, and mechanical and medical devices.
the trainees were introduced to various devices used in telecom industry. the training included theoretical classes and laboratory sessions.
represents the electrical smt (system management team) at both the pre production build site and vehicle assembly plant. the irt is responsible for driving resolution of all software build related issues during end of line testing for the electrical smt and serves as the "boots on the ground".
in charge of managing building expansions for toyota sites across the north america plants. work on criteria with the customers to better understand what is needed in the building for them to use. review construction drawings to ensure it is being built to plans.
developed hardware for point gas detection sensors for industrial safety. lead electrical engineer for nine hundred and twenty-five/six hundred and twenty-five gas detector after preliminary design to completion of pre compliance emc testing.
one.designed nano grating and nanoimprint templates for light with wavelengths of eight twelve microns two.helped a phd design a beam splitter with meta surface three.helped a phd grow tic film using physical vapour deposition(pvd) technology
collaborated in a team weekly to research and develop scheduling software for spectrum health planted seeds for continued and eventual development of a viable product
o responsible for seventy-five one hundred students per semester o assisted students with laboratory experiments o answered student questions about laboratory concepts o maintained a safe lab environment throughout each lab section o maintained current laboratory safety training o graded student lab reports o abided by confidentiality policies when dealing with student grades
designed a product prototype for hydro dynamically assisted optical detection platform for on line sterility assurance, under the guidance of prof sourav ghosh and victor ostanin (cambridge) project lead for electronics section designed circuit for detection of mixed signals, adcs, amplifiers, and filters; coded complex sampling algorithms in embedded c; involved in coding a matlab script for project gui, including fft analysis of detected signals;
core design team. design verification engineer for the instruction cache and branch prediction units.
lead new technology introduction process for emissions related components for internal combustion applications
i am working as senior engineer working in dram hardware division primarily involved in rtl design
research & development position primarily focused around antenna design and wireless system functionality.
participated in the sqms summer two thousand and twenty-two undergraduate research internship that took place at fermi national accelerator laboratory.
helped to set up, troubleshoot, and tear down laboratory equipment aided students to correctly perform and understand experiments graded and recorded all coursework spring and fall semesters
implemented a novel algorithm to significantly reduce the computational cost of molecular dynamics simulations to study the crystallization of ionic liquids in a vacuum.
my fourth internship was at sts corporation (now known ast system technical corporation). sts works hand in hand with many aerospace and military companies by providing wiring harness and testing capabilities. my role as an intern was to assist with the design and procurement of parts for test fixtures used to validation numerous products. one of the projects i was part of was the predator missile and its wiring harness. along with testing, i got my first experience of writing test protocols.
completed a python project to improve internal versioning management and wrote tests to track performance degradation in enterprise hard disk drives.
focused on improving manufacturing processes.
develop a particulate monitoring webpage that imports, maps, visualizes, and exports user submitted data.
operated as a chemist, engineer, and vba developer at the transportation security laboratory with dhs. created excel vba based toolkits as the lead programmer. other tasking involved: building/repairing instruments, trace explosive analysis, writing scripts to analyze images and other data sets. utilized cadd to draw designs for 3d printed parts. created small, excel based tools to aid in business management and data analytics.
logged and maintained team inventory analyzed and reviewed team records for athletic director ordered and managed office supplies
collaborated with engineers and researchers in the development of a proposal for the darpa world modelers program. contributed statistical knowledge and expertise in soil biogeochemistry and crop modeling.
develop rf ate solutions including hw design, and sw development for mass production environments
my role as the shift leader involved ensuring an effective and timely opening or closing of the kitchen and restaurant. additional tasks include training new employees, preparing daily foods, serving customers, and preparing to the next day's service.
tutored fellow undergraduate students in the subjects of mathematics, electrical engineering, computer science, and physics.
collaborated with faculty on the modeling of a one.one mw solar facility. researched smart inverter functions and the interoperability of photovoltaic systems with the grid.
mechanical design engineer of pressure transmitters.
conducted solar model statistic output (mos) correction reports to provide clients with reduced uncertainty in their solar resource assessment analyzed wind farm availability database to update wind farm energy availability benchmark used in wind energy resource assessment reports that resulted in a white paper helped develop c# operations and maintenance tool to enhance process for analyzing extensive availability database in the future
code audited the advanced operator control device (aocd) software to show changes between specific software trouble report (str) features. scripted the software version control process, gitlab transitioning from cvs.
presented and instructed lab sessions for a class of six hundred+ students. generated and subsequently graded problem sets, lab assignments, and exams.
assists in the production of the binax now covid nineteen rapid antigen tests by maintaining the operational efficiency and health of machinery and equipment. perform routine and complex repairs and maintenance on equipment to ensure efficient and safe operation. assisted in initial set up of the factory by assembling and validating machinery, writing troubleshooting guides, and assisting in the writing of process s.o.p.’s. troubleshoot failing equipment through the interpretation of blueprint
utilized knowledge of radio frequency systems and concepts (radar, ew, antennas) to author requirements, test procedures, and verification methods for the development of applications to enable mission data file generation on the f thirty-five program created sysml and uml diagrams in cameo to illustrate application architecture and use cases for each capability to be integrated collaborated with software engineers to ensure that requirements and test plans were written in a clear and concise way
this was a twelve week paid internship project with the goal of investigating "state of the art water condition monitoring methods" that could be used to monitor the quality of ugandan well water. aside from a literature review, it also involved testing inexpensive conductivity sensor designs for detecting well water pollution. the output of the project was a report detailing all the research and testing, with future recommendations and conclusions. due to covid nineteen all work was done remotely.
lead the integration of subcomponents on aftertreatment systems. responsible for validation, completion of fmea, controls integration, requirements definition, failure investigation.
i tutored undergraduate students for el e two hundred and thirty-five: principles of digital systems at the university of mississippi
provided security to commercial building in the downtown area of miami, fl.
design semiconductor layout on cadence virtuoso layout xl in seven nanometer technology, sixteen nanometer technology, twenty-eight nanometer technology, and forty nanometer technology. verify layout designs using calibre and virtuoso tools. communicate with circuit designer engineers and foundry engineers to create a feasible design.
experience in power system protection coordination studies, short circuit studies, and relay setting calculations knowledge of power system automation and communication proficiency in configuring and troubleshooting protection and control systems, including sixty-one thousand, eight hundred and fifty based systems strong communication and presentation skills, ability to work independently and in a team environment, and customer focused attitude proficiency in microsoft office applications and experience with autocad and pr
designed and implemented a room temperature mid infrared optical communication system using quantum cascade laser and type ii photodetector for high speed and long distance utilization co authored two published research papers and a $five hundred,zero grant application to office of naval research assisted in processing, packaging, and analysis of mid infrared quantum cascade lasers
i worked here summers and winters sixty-six hours/week, generally, although at times we were working forty fifty hours/week. overtime was mandatory. i was not working during semesters, only on breaks.
aided in special projects to improve wind tunnel operations and efficiency supported engineers in verifying aerodynamic test data and balance calibrations
design and release engineer for genuine holden accessories, supporting multiple accessory development from concept to release. collaboration with suppliers, purchasing and mechanic workshop to develop comprehensive fitment instructions independent management of various programs and presentation to global teams for software review and high severity issue resolution.test engineer role for in field validation test trips (supporting navigation and infotainment features).
owner of multiple automated cells in tesla energy as well as model three. implemented and ramped new equipment and refined existing manufacturing processes by applying continuous improvement and lean manufacturing principles by optimizing plc/robotics/automation.
achieved $97k in savings by redesigning two parts without impacting vehicle performance. extended air filter service life by redesigning the airbox lid to prevent rain water ingestion. supported mustang gt500 production by assembling vehicle sign off milestone supporting documents.
lead integration engineer for front row sport seats on the lucid sapphire, a complex mechatronic system for a high performance luxury vehicle incorporated a lightweight three step fore aft adjustable headrest mechanism that moves back enough to provide a comfortable driving position for people wearing a helmet for track usage. created several in house 3d printed prototypes and modified existing parts for this new application. ran user clinics to test ergonomics and usability.
in this role i help design and implement control systems for primarily hvac related systems. this includes creating electrical drawing for systems, creating code for the controls of the systems, and going out into the field for system startup.
give tours of the campus and communicate information to a wide audience. also interview the new candidates for the position and select the qualified ones.
mentored underprivileged youths to ensure their success in summer classes. ta ed and tutored students in a variety of classes, with a focus on math and science.
i have formed a consultancy to service some customer projects during this difficult time. i am currently creating a desktop application to model the pneumatic capabilities of a seismic vessel using a lumped element (spice) approach. i have also created a fluid dynamics simulation of a novel pneumatic sound source using openfoam for a customer.
provided tech support for campus faculty, staff and students
i work on site of solar farms to help with procurement, quality assurance and design for different scopes of the electrical side of a solar farm.
intern engineer for molybdenum processing plant. assisted with the investigation of high moisture content in final product, attended engineering meetings, and debugged code for feeding/drying system control
briefed sitting member of congress on economic and regulatory factors leading to rising utility prices in kansas city, mo. advocated for residents of missouri's 5th congressional district as a liaison between constituents and federal agencies. investigated technology related legislative issues, drafted speeches, and staffed public events on an as needed basis.
i designed and wrote a program to be used in testing of power monitoring device. i built box to act as a multiplexer for high voltage signals; programmed this box using a microcontroller. i installed various components in a power monitoring device.
im primarily responsible for advising uae military personnel on maintenance of radar systems. i work with the ipt back in the states to identify systemic failures on currently fielded equipment. i provide signal data analysis along with high level fault analysis.
general atomics electromagnetic system group. mainly working on aircraft carrier's emals and aag system, especially on transformer, rectifier, and power inverters.
computer vision process for theoretical modeling validation and optimization water desalination and renewable energy system modeling and prototyping machine learning modeling for atmospheric water harvesting
programmed for autonomous and manual control of water treatment plant processes. created and upgraded hmi programs in wonderware.
supported projects that were in production. supported design/process changes, validation, material nonconformance, root cause corrective action.
data science & analytics (dna) group department of utilities and infrastructures certified in analytic platforms: alteryx and knime designed and developed a recommendation model as performance test as a service (ptaas) for aws resource planning. hundreds of machine learning models are being migrated from kubernetes and deployed on aws platform, finding an optimal resource to run each model requires time with appropriate load test plan using prometheus. the recommendation model was designed
work as part of a group of workflow operators under the supervision of a deployment team leader performing configuration services on computing endpoint devices such as ipads, macs, windows laptops and desktops, and chrome devices. responsible for properly and efficiently affixing asset tags, installing device cases, assembling boxes, and configuring mobile device and laptop carts. provide customer support for on site deployments, and troubleshoot general operating system issues.
design programs ranging from simple inspections to complicated logic based graphical user interfaced cased on customer specification prototype and manufactured a 3d printed parts that was handed out during the international the international manufacturing technology show (imts).
design and implement modules for the core product of the company to analyze the network traffic flow for virtual machines and containers. the job duties also involved developing automated testing and deployment tools.
at jpiller consulting i worked alongside a partner on various consulting projects that meet the customer’s needs. for example, one of these projects was to develop a training program for a local manufacturing company. another project was to build, wire, and install plc cabinets, both on the customer’s work site and off.
created and updated process plans for helicopter assembly.
responsibility for engineering project management, staffing, it, customer relationships, and day to day operations for engineering and technical specification contracting company headquartered in indianapolis, in.
throughout my tenure, i partnered with key industry players such as freescale and texas instruments, contributing to the development of 3g products. our team effectively implemented diverse subsystem modules, guaranteeing high quality, comprehensive design, and compliance with industry standards, resulting in a successful commercial deployment.
award recipient for exceptional achievement beyond the call of duty for the support equipment engineering division subject matter expert for eleven of eighteen production planning divisions coordinate with program offices, suppliers, and command leadership the acquisition of new equipment to expand or maintain command capability collaborate with technicians to repair and maintain thousands of pieces of existing fleet support equipment ranging from individual components to complete test systems including
evaluated structural integrity of clients’ single components and complex assemblies, using finite element analysis. interacted with customers to understand their product problems and requests then presented findings, conclusions and design recommendations. took an active part in executing a multitude of different engineering projects from structural evaluation, to component optimization.
created detailed bugs and test collateral for the subsystem and actively participated in investigation and triage, driving bugs to closure worked on testing builds and improving the efficiency of software tools to enable the team to ship quality products organized new methods of communication for the larger product team
i work on a team of design engineers delivering system modification packages to maintain the los alamos national laboratory plutonium facility. i personally design electrical circuits within this team.
develop and manage large scale data science visualizations on a big data platform for executive leadership within the department of defense including: the secretary and deputy secretary of defense, and the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. led the technical development of covid nineteen analytics to support the covid nineteen task force, and have led development across information technology, financial management, and readiness analytics to support the office of the secretary of defense.
developed medical device software.
guidance, navigation and control engineer working on algorithms and simulations for development of innovative missile solutions. primarily work in advanced missile systems doing front end business development and capture activities from letter of urgent need and whitepaper to prototype test in relevant environment (trl6) integrated product team (ipt) leader in charge of multidisciplinary team to mature active protection system for the system replacing the bradley fighting vehicle.
provided systems integration and test support to the usaf on new systems for the c 5m super galaxy.
see resume
responsible for organizing and hosting weekly review sessions, which helped me develop strong time management and organizational skills explained the fundamentals of physics and calculus in detail by actively listening to the students’ questions and effectively communicating with them assisted the department by planning and organizing large events
during my time at lawrence livermore national laboratory, i designed and implemented a labview based state machine control system that automated magnetic probe calibrations, resulting in improved calibration settings for key equipment.
i was aiding middle school and high school students with their studies. i would focus on assisting in mathematics and sciences. my responsibilities involved helping students understand topics they had trouble grasping by doing practice problems, helping them with there homework, and establishing study schedules that are more effective and give them more exposure to the material.
created excel/vba macros to automate data parsing processes used in the creation of configuration management release reports for ap1000 nuclear reactor safety systems.
introduction to innovation (engr one hundred and thirty-one) instructed first year engineering students on circuit design principles and guided them in development of a traffic system that mitigated purdue university's campus mobility safety crisis using solderless breadboards, tiva c launchpads, and matlab. coupled high level programming and digital design fundamentals along with simple microcontroller interfacing.
lead between two and ten engineers on multiple jsoc directed quick reaction contracts, search and rescue aircraft proposals, nasa and dod programs, including a high profile sensor pod program. earned substantial spot award for successful design and delivery of a data dissemination system for nasa owned high altitude research aircraft. project execution positively influenced the award of two additional, much larger nasa contracts netting >$20m.
implementing c++ firmware features to improve performance and reduce power usage for enterprise hard disk drives, fixing drive and power degradations, and writing tools for automated energy data collection.
assisted students in troubleshooting laboratory errors and debugging circuits
i completed four six month rotational engineering assignments within the electric power steering product line including: (one) validation engineering, (two) manufacturing operations, (three) plant quality engineering, and (four) system integration engineering.
tested black box components and reworked errors
(one) transported and optimized deep learning models based on cambricon deep learning accelerator. (two) developed tensor fusion units based on cambricon software stack, which could accelerate deep learning inference with the utilization of shared memory, tiling, ping pong buffer, etc.
assist with microprocessor systems course curriculum and laboratory assignments using arm cortex micro controllers. assist with the electronics laboratory, helping students use lab equipment and debug circuits while explaining concepts to students. evaluate students' lab projects and aid in debugging their code
responsible for executing system engineering modeling, simulation, and analysis to define propulsion system and component requirements (hev/phev/e rev/bev/conventional). develop, verify, and correlate analytical system energy models for propulsion systems and components including the internal combustion engine, transmission, electric motor, inverter, batteries, thermal systems, control strategies, etc. conduct analysis/simulation to quantify effects of advanced propulsion technologies
team lead developing medical device embedded software.
i joined prof. jun yang's lab (smart grid research institute) under the school of electrical engineering & automation, wuhan university, as research assistant, my research direction is power system control, using machine learning.
performs all tasks related to patent prosecution including inventor disclosure interviews, prior art searches, provisional and non provisional patent application drafting, office action responses, patent examiner interviews, responses to international search reports and written opinions, appeal briefs and reply briefs to the patent trial and appeal board technology areas: medical devices(e.g.,ventilators) mechanical devices; power systems; tele health; and computer software
as part of the networking lab at osu headed by professor shroff, i worked on scheduling policies for tdma communication. please refer to my cv for details of the project.
design digital logic for advanced radar systems. updating outdated firmware modules to work for new and evolving systems. design new tools and systems to assist in the design, integration and testing of radar systems. integrate and test firmware on working fpga's. work as a team to design and integrate large multi year long projects. present progress and innovations our team has created to customers and executives.
i am currently in caterpillars engineering rotational development program working with different teams to better understand the business and strengthen technical skills. the first team was a gas engine product support group helping to re engineer product defects found in the field. my 2nd rotation was with a generator design group who worked closely with supplier manufacturing to ensure high product quality. third rotation was with software diagnostics designing matlab control blocks and testing
constructed communication racks with telemetry, audio, and video capabilities to be for global development
created boundary finding algorithm for hypergolic and hybrid rocket videos finding surface model regression rate for nasa missions, designed, experimented, tested, and analyzed metal hydride endothermic reactions for surface re entry heat pump conducted and analyzed shear pin testing of various materials and diameters for failure mode and effects analysis
i currently evaluate electrical modules and package them inside of the vehicle per specific requirements. i also, create the layout of the wiring harnesses for the entire vehicle.
developed device specific drivers & showcasing examples for control peripherals like pwm, adc, ecap, eqep as part of c2000ware. worked on various hardware accelerators of c2000 platform like fpu, fastintdiv and developed optimal libraries using them. published application reports on ti.com to better highlight c2000 capabilities : "leveraging high resolution capture (hrcap) for single wire data transfer" "fast integer division – a differentiated offering from c2000™ product family"
building test procedures, test plans, interconnect diagrams, and system architecture drawings identifying and simplifying customer’s technical requirements and specifications being a part of the design and development of us navy systems execution of design validation tests analyzing, troubleshooting, and documentation of design level tests assisting mechanical assemblers in building and integrating multiple systems designating tasks to a team of interns
implemented, validated and test complex material handling systems. start up and set up electrical control panels for commissioning. configured and loaded emulated plcs programs for functional testing according to received description of operation and drawing documentation for custom material handling systems. troubleshot, validated and test various communications and controls networks; control net, ethernet ip, device net, can bus and profibus. troubleshot and verified high/low voltage
research, design, model and simulate machines and tools for the electrical engineering department. assist other engineering students in designing and building projects. tutor engineering students in engineering and math classes. learn to program with labview and integrate into projects built.
designed, programmed, and deployed a data analyzing desktop application in close correspondence with an element management system virtualization team using electron and angular software development frameworks. created a presentation on and advocated for improvements of various aspects of the official samsung website and its appeal to generation z by collaborating with a team of fellow interns and organizing intra company research and personal insights.
used virtual machines to develop a system that allows for automated testing against a device that has one or more stations. all aspects of station activity were automated except for test configuration and initial virtual machine creation. components used included three virtual machines, a dhcp/tftp/pxe server and a tasking server.
performed bioelectromagnetic computational electromagnetics for transcranial direct current stimulation of the brain to mitigate subject depression from child birth. phantom test models were built to supply test case data.
schedule, monitor, analyze, and ultimately report test data to product teams and customers (advp&r) designed custom pcb’s for interfacing between new test generating hardware and existing test racks originated virtual instrument to automate the analysis and organization of test data developed cross platform virtual instrument to remotely reprogram multiple devices in an original python architected network
inspected homes for weatherization measures to be installed and reported results to state monitors.
created an arduino (c++) curriculum to stimulate underfunded education in school systems. debugged i2c traffic via digital logic analysis. analyzed schematics and datasheets to determine processor and component malfunctions.
wrote protocols, qualification documents, test plans, and test reports for quality assurance purposes, implemented and approved design control procedures for medical devices in accordance with fda guidelines
taught telecommunication software development, digital communication systems, operations research, and supervised bachelors students in research and design projects. co taught fundamental electrical engineering classes, simultaneously conducted laboratory classes for undergraduates with a focus on using pspice for circuit simulation, and then gained hands on bread boarding skills via building simple & complex electrical circuits.
responsible for multiple custom machines, mainly in the packaging and beverage industry, from design stage to commissioning. bom specification and creation. schematic generation and documentation. program and controls development mainly on rockwell and siemens hardware and software.
fused sap sales and production data to optimize demand forecasting models across divergent product lines and business units.
implemented a 2d music algorithm for direction of arrival detection in python and matlab. designed simulation software for signals received on different antenna array configurations.
edited paperwork for auditing purposes
coached quality assurance, technical services and operations with operating a modern syringe line. drove process validation for first u.s. filling line for mounjaro® (trizepatide) and trulicity® (dulagluitide). lead engineering process team with commissioning and qualification of multiple complex systems for operations. executed change controls to maintain compliance with optima®, metal&plastic® and fanuc® automated systems.
responsibilities include: perform electrical tests and troubleshooting during integration, assembly, and checkout of guided munitions. develop and support automated test equipment for use during checkout of electronic subassemblies. develop and review electrical test plans used during integration and assembly of hardware checkout. demonstrate replacement electrical components conform with existing parts by designing, performing, and reviewing electrical tests.
designing and testing of radio frequency (rf) devices based on customer specifications. measured specifications for subsections of the rf device to observe its behavior. redesigned a bandpass filter using autocad, awr design environment, and ansys hfss. redesigning of a phase locked loop/voltage controlled oscillator system. presented data and findings to members of the engineering team as well as at a customer design review.
developed and implemented new software programs used in motion controllers, robots, hmis, and plcs, focusing on debugging, automated testing, and performance validation to enhance system reliability and efficiency. gained hands on experience in system integration by assembling control panels, wiring machines, and powering up new machines, ensuring all components functioned seamlessly with software applications.
supported the hyper angular rainbow polarimeter (harp) project for the nasa plankton, aerosol, cloud, ocean ecosystems (pace) mission. developed vhdl testbenches and documentation in libero soc for microsemi smartfusion two fpga. verified and analyzed simulations for ccd imaging and sram. developed python procs and analyzed data in itos.
i support research and development efforts by modeling turboshaft engines in matlab. i also contribute to the electrical and software design of full authority digital engine controllers for turbofan engines. i have supported business development by writing proposals for department of defense (dod) request for information (rfi) and request for proposals (rfp).
participated in the following efforts for pba design: ee support for hardware phase gate exit support circuit re design & fine tuning parametric parts research schematic entry constraint manager stack up layout worst case analysis power integrity analysis signal integrity analysis schematic integrity analysis
worked on design and analysis of digital cell libraries and delivered quality libraries in shorter cycle time. automated the design and analysis process using python numpy and pandas. worked closely with the spice modeling team in defining process nodes for better digital libraries. as an automation lead, i was responsible for the development of modular, reusable code.
technical support of the manufacturing and the commissioning technicians concerning analysis of technical problems and answering of technical inquiries. creation of electrical wiring diagram and manufacturing documents, sap handling, time scheduling. coach and mentor team members within the facility in areas of expertise including technical training, problem solving, and knowledge transfer. coordinate the aspect of electrical system design with o
design and implement the network switch operating system (nos) modules. i was tasked with the implementation of different l2 protocols like lldp and lacp. later i performed the integration of the software modules with kubernetes microservices management platform to transform the product into a cloud native operating system.
designed experiments to recycle waste materials from a local mine by operating froth flotation and filtration equipment. designed and ran experiments that determined optimum extraction conditions of lithium metal ions from clay samples using bench chemistry methods. researched and developed experimental procedures to synthesize and study deep eutectic solvents for use in the mining industry. experimental results were characterized using x ray fluorescence, x ray diffraction, and icp analysis.
part of the rf software team in the cellular technologies division at apple. would be developing the control software for 5g cellular modem transceivers.
i worked as an online tutor for electrical engineering graduates. i taught math, physics, electrical engineering subjects, and c/c++ programming
helped publish an aircraft maintenance manual (amm) for the kc 46a tanker by calculating updated resistance requirements to account for degradation of electrical bonds over time. analyzed the eme impact of production level changes for supplemental type certification (stc) compliance. built fourier based computational models to analyze the effect of bonding resistance on electromagnetic coupling to aircraft wiring from high intensity radiated fields and electromagnetic pulse threats.
i worked as a graduate intern in the client ssd group at western digital india. i developed a sanity testing framework using python to identify test cases to be executed, based on code coverage data to make firmware validation process more efficient.
temporary position before moving to berkeley, ca. installed and set up solaris mail servers with a co worker at four sri affiliated locations: menlo park, ca; princeton, nj; braintree, ma; and london, uk.
structural mechanical design engineer for utility tractors. worked on operator station components and chassis. developed 3d parts, drawings and tolerance stack ups. design parts using sheet metal, castings and plastics. carry out design reviews with experienced engineers to evaluate my proposals
design embedded systems and industrial controls for the machine tool industry.
converted air handler code to sequence of operations for twelve air handler units assisted project engineering managers with replacing air handling units and removing wall inside an iso eight area. developed layouts using autocad and microsoft visio to send to contractors performed a capacity study to determine the optimal layout to set up a trailer freezer
directed and facilitated seven in service trainings resulting in significant skill improvement for eight ten lifeguards per session. demonstrated quick thinking and life saving skills by rescuing three individuals from active drowning situations and effectively managing an anaphylactic shock emergency. proven ability to handle and resolve challenging disputes between patrons, along with effectively managing other unique and unforeseen situations. primarily worked during summers.
characterize pre production silicon, focusing on speed, performance, power, yield, and overall quality. understand silicon behavior across process voltage temperature (pvt) conditions and develop automation tools for characterization, data collection, test execution, and results analysis. create methodologies for feature characterization, correlating silicon behavior with simulations, and providing vital design feedback for future enhancements. participate in bring up and post silicon validation
came to this start up as the second electrical engineer. i handled proposal writing, employee hiring, r&d and team management. my main roll was to develop the propulsion board for the satellite and complete general board architecture for all pcbs in the satellite.
research experience for undergraduates with nsf at university of california santa cruz. tested antiresonant reflecting optical waveguide (arrow) chips in ee optics lab by applying different wavelengths of a white light laser source to the arrow chip’s multimode interference (mmi) waveguides for lab on chip diagnostics characterized mmi waveguides on the arrow chip with different fabrication processes and designs analyzed waveguide images captured and values detected using matlab software
worked in the integration team to implement sap cloud platform integration as a service. also worked on an iot project using 'thingworx' for a manufacturing client.
cpu subsystem rtl design engineer
researched and identified replacement products for parts showing a history of faulty behavior and high levels of warranty repairs such as horns, lights, disconnect switches, and other operator controls. complied divisional spend data from two thousand and eighteen two thousand and twenty and utilized power bi and power query to create dashboard allowing team leads to analyze spend data broken across multiple filters.
i served onboard the submarine the uss dallas from two thousand two thousand and four as a nuclear electricians mate. as the work center supervisor for e div i was responsible for scheduling all preventive and corrective maintenance. i was also the electric plant operator, where i remotely operated the ship's electrical distribution equipment. i regularly troubleshot and repaired malfunctioning electrical equipment, wrote and performed critical maintenance on the nuclear reactor's electrical subsystems.
provide support for the mmic department as an intern. extensive use of cadence virtuoso to construct rf system models of t/r module circuits. position required secret clearance. gave exposure to a corporate setting and workplace.
performed preventative maintenance on conveyor equipment. corrected issues by replacing worn components and, at times, making modifications. documented work. helped maintain parts inventory
successfully assembled lead acid forklift batteries on the assembly line while meeting quality control standards. conducted thorough testing of batteries using multimeters to guarantee they met customer specifications. demonstrated proficiency in operating forklifts to efficiently unload trucks and relocate inventory.
i assisted in projects that my company was running. i assisted assembling show action equipment lighting.
my role at deloitte involves understanding the business requirements of the clients and then help in human resource technology transformation. i build integrations and reports, optimize them to fix performance issues. i also participate in the firm's internal projects. one of my notable contributions was in researching and designing a referral web application, which allows employees to refer other people to deloitte.
future job offer i accepted
over the course of my internship i worked on updating company wide parametric testing software from icms to agilent specs. i converted roughly sixty test algorithms totaling approximately twenty-five,zero lines of code from rm basic to hp ux c. in addition, i wrote several python scripts to expedite the conversion of wafer test plan files to an agilent specs compatible format. i spent a little time performing live algorithm debugging on a four thousand and sixty-two keystone parametric test system.
work with systems engineering functions such as developing and managing systems level rf and rcs requirements, developing operational systems concepts, and assisting with system architecture trade studies. verify and validate aspects of system designs to ensure conformance with functional specifications and customer requirements. define the technical approach and details of antenna designs.
develop embedded software using c, c++ for arm / dsp processors for three phase power systems using agile processes. perform root cause analysis, debug embedded code and track software and operational “bugs” to closure. work with global software teams to develop products and achieve software releases. develop engineering documentation including software requirements, ui specifications and design verification test plans.
supported the management and maintenance of the electrical engineering equipment. guided other members of the department with their projects, diagnosing issues with electronics.
learned quality and manufacturing process for multiple product lines including fiber, cable, and coax connectors. worked with a team to develop pfmeas for critical processes and finished goods. designed fixtures (solidworks) to automate assembly processes of critical parts. trained operators on updated process. reduced assembly time by twenty%. designed & implemented quality inspection gauge of critical connectors. reduced process time by seventy-five%.
performed trade studies, modeling, simulation and other forms of analysis to predict component, interconnects and system performance and to optimize design around established requirements. constructed and reviewed military and commercial aircraft documents for compliance to industry and company standards. worked along other interns to complete a summer project that consisted of detailed specifications from do one hundred and sixty and mil std four hundred and sixty-one for simulated installed antennas on military aircrafts to pre
lead and collaborate with multiple subsystems to rapidly develop a lifecycle balanced satellite system; execute trade studies and review boards to define interfaces, identify risks & opportunities, and drive schedule; perform requirements decomposition, management, verification, and validation, ensuring traceability; understand space subsystems functions and interfaces, mentor junior team members on satellite design and processes; direct unit development for multiple rd units
cell diagnostics and controls engineer running tests on different battery technologies in a lab. the tests are used to determine feasibility of different battery technologies and charging/discharging protocols for upcoming chemistries
worked with a diverse team of exceptional software engineering professionals to deliver high quality software products to clients in both the public and private sectors. contributed primarily to financial management software used for yearly budgeting, capital project planning, salary planning and allocation, as well as reporting. responsible for writing thousands of lines of maintainable, readable and secure java code. contributed in daily scrum meetings and weekly sprint planning meeting.
modified the monitoring system by installing two instruments in a classified zone. wrote the electrical construction scope and worked with cad group for conduit plan and loop sheet. increased reliability by providing capability for dcs monitoring. communicated with vendors, wrote and presented management of change (moc), and wrote electrical construction scope for the installation of a hvac in an electrical room.
using the .net framework and c# langauge as our main tech stack, i work closely with a team and customers to create features and maintain application infrastructure for our programs. we create isr (intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance) software for military aviation.
collaborated with engineering team, providing technical support to configure and diagnose servers transported to base using linux, set bios settings and make all firmware updates on all switches and routers, and install any necessary network devices. once complete a dd1149 is created, and the updated equipment are deployed to their designated warship(s). installed ssds (ship self defense system), a combat analysis program in linux that provided classified insight of the dynamics of naval com
benchmarked several product systems by testing and collecting data results to prepare for documentation produced specification and design documents to be presented to customers (oems) supported presentations of kautex products to potential customers (oems) that led to signed contracts
procedural research and development of physical characterization and analysis of microelectronic devices for trust and assurance ranging from pcb down to chip level devices. conduct failure analysis and characterization of wide band gap devices such as gaas and gan. apply material characterization techniques to new material research for nanoelectronics.
working with materials characterization engineers and technicians, measured microwave material response and extracted intrinsic electrical properties through analysis of collected data. designed and conducted experiments to assess relative strengths of different system calibration methods, including writing prototype software to implement candidate methodology, analyzing results to drive system improvements.
patent attorney; law and technology related matters
direct the department’s electrical and computer engineering tutor program to provide increased resources to students. assess student performance in electrical and computer engineering courses including controls systems and automation and electronics.
lexicon building in a declarative programming environment. this was split over two years: one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-two one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-three; and one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-five one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-six.
work cross functionally to deliver calibrations for the electronic brake control module (ebcm) to meet company and external customer requirements. responsible for designing software tests, validating messaging signals are operating as expected using hardware benches and in vehicle, root cause any issues with the ebcm performance.
generate customised business reports and handle technical fixes for a business application
every summer of my undergraduate career i interned in the it department at blue cross and blue shield of south carolina. my first year interning i worked in a group with an internal application that digitized and automate business processes. i was tasked to use this application to automate the internal procurement process. my second year i worked alongside a fellow intern to use microsoft visual basic to clean up how they organize their projects. my last year i worked with the deployment team.
the organization has donated to various five hundred and one(c) organizations for wounded veterans, cancer research, dementia research, local charities, covid research, food kitchens, compassion international, and education.
i designed the schematic and layout of an fpga evaluation board using mentor graphics. the board wired the two outer layers of pins on the fpga to leds and test sockets. i used transistors to power the leds, and i also included a clock driver and voltage regulator. the board design was successful, and it helped the team diagnose the source of a bug in the fpga.
lead project that improved indoor air quality by ninety-eight% by conducting thorough emissions analysis of incoming air intakes and recommended replacement of filter types used in hvac systems throughout the building implemented an energy efficient lighting management system that decreased projected annual utility costs by forty-five%
designed and documented test procedures for emc (electromagentic capability) testing on recloser modules assisted senior engineers with verification testing for new recloser technology including extreme temperature, current injection, and remote operation designed and implemented a circuit and program to calculate the calibration level of a pcb for the new recloser technology that conditions voltage signals going to relay boards
develop electrical hardware to support power requirements and data processing needs for a mems ultrasound device. achievements: qualification of lithium ion cells for next generation product. developed evaluation board for digital circuitry. optimized efficiency of compact dc power supplies for an ultrasound imaging asic in a handheld device.
marki microwave is an rf/microwave component manufacturer. i produce datasheets for these components from taking the data to producing the final datasheet. i focus on passive and diode based products (mixers, limiters, filters, bias tees, etc.). i also run custom tests on all of our products for customers to show the performance of our devices under their specific conditions. lastly, i write application notes and host informational webinars.
designing, estimation and surveying of low current security systems technical troubleshooting of the installed systems configuration of systems inclusive of cctv from bosch and pelco, ip and analog based pa systems from bosch, access control systems by bosch and paxton, bms by gemos undergone multiple technical trainings coordinate with clients ensure customer satisfaction for the purposed systems build, maintain and enhance customer relationships
full time summer internship under the mentorship of a senior engineer. worked on radio communication and developed a proprietary communication protocol.
aid in testing and all mechanical engineering department needs
systems engineering intern in a rapid prototyping and research & development group within northrop grumman aerospace systems. responsibilities included testbed development, involving rapid prototyping and software design for testbed's telemetry system.
on site support, analysis and troubleshooting of system issues at the regional support level.
actual internship dates: one/two thousand and ten three/two thousand and ten; six/two thousand and ten nine/two thousand and ten; one/two thousand and eleven three/two thousand and eleven performed testing to aid improvement of water jet software analyzed data and authored technical reports
test and calibrated complex semiconductor equipment; physical vapor deposition and chemical vapor deposition. troubleshot and repair complex semiconductor fabrication equipment. wrote technical reports and test procedures. performed electrical, pneumatic, and vacuum, mechanical and process testing on applied materials platform.
part time job during my bachelor degree while taking classes. worked on daughterboard for abalones ocean bottom seismometer and data logger for seafet autonomous monitoring package. utilized wiring, soldering, cabling, and crimping for prototype and manufacturing adopted python to parse and plot seascan clock sqlite database
develop operational and training plans for communications organization. oversee execution of operation plans. direct and evaluate training events. develop yearly budgets. responsible for welfare of all members assigned to organization. directly supervise three sections within organization comprised of approximately thirty soldiers each.
worked here for around twenty months as an rtl design engineer.
calculus i (vv115) is for international students only one. hold review class for students to review course materials two. answer questions from international students in office hour three. grade exam and homework
conducted fluid dynamics simulations and recommended improvements to air induction system design. validated new simulation software that aimed to improve engineering productivity by reducing computational time; allowed engineers to rapidly iterate critical design features.
provided engineering services to aerospace companies like ge, enviro, and rockwell collins. i spent most of my employment time working with rockwell collins on testing the software of the flight control module of the new boeing 777x.
applied fusion splicer to weld single mode fiber and multimode fiber; designed experiments to study the influence of optical fiber length and incident power on the output power and gain flatness, and used matlab to create functions to predict the change of gain flatness; designed the experiments to study the influence of discharging current strength and time on gain flatness, and predict the change of gain flatness via matlab
supported project management office for aircraft survivability equipment (pmo ase) assisted in automation of delivery order tracking tracked all hardware deliveries to ensure that contracts were completed as described
program support
i developed a camera surveillance system, capable of detecting anomalies such as tilting or slipping of the vehicle during endurance tests and to terminate operations when such events occur to avoid further damage. i used labview and opencv to track the target displacement using contour tracking.
started off in the career one program august two thousand and twenty-one august two thousand and twenty-two, where i rotated through three departments to gain experience. deployed out of the program august two thousand and twenty-two into my current role, where i do both electrical and instrumentation and controls design work for various projects being completed across the site. work with multiple disciplines, project engineers, as well as various vendors and subcontractors to complete work.
i was a part of the manufacturing engineering team leading a team of engineers in an effort to reconcile lost product critical parts. planned jobs for future production line moves with a visual aid that enables production to operate more efficiently, creating a workflow chart that kept the team up to date; familiarization with problem solving related to electricity and pneumatics; familiarization with laser projection.
at hcl technologies, i served as an electrical engineer in the medical device sector. my key responsibilities involved writing automated tests for component replacements in sustaining projects, utilizing my expertise in both software and electrical engineering. by crafting efficient, accurate test protocols, i was instrumental in ensuring the reliability and safety of medical devices, even as components were upgraded or replaced.
testing and designing circuit boards for use in control systems, rf systems, and high voltage power supplies. responsible for overseeing circuit board production and testing on projects. other responsibilities include system testing and rf device testing.
worked on artemis program. communications and tracking team.
intern working at honeywell aerospace during the summers of two thousand and seventeen and two thousand and eighteen.
evaluated obsolete design of components in support of the naval nuclear propulsion program and provided recommendations for upgrades.
learned quality and manufacturing process of heat exchanger product lines including u tube, small cooler, gasket & plate. designed tools (creo parametric) to increase throughput of u tube product line. trained operators on updated process. reduced cycle time by sixty%. implemented traceability and inventory system for critical parts. reduced idle time by ninety-six% per assembly, delivering $10k annual labor savings. re designed & implemented an oil testing system for multiple product lines.
i provided service to customers at a local bakery and prepared the store for closing at night.
apprenticeship role in the commercial/industrial electrical field. mainly factories, universities, churches and office spaces. responsible to assists journeymen and master electricians with the following: branch circuits, laying out conduit runs, examining load requirements, following nec code, troubleshooting and repairing faulty installs. working towards the required work hours to become a licensed electrician, before my decision to pursue higher education.
engineering intern enstor gas, llc houston, texas achievements: developed a new format for and updated the current equipment list for all of enstor's gas plants. evaluated embedded sand probe system, and at own initiative, developed software to rapidly and accurately improve predictions of sand flows. improved ability of an asset to deliver gas volumes during critical flow periods. skills/lessons learned: learned how to read p&id's, one line diagrams, blueprints, and flow diagrams. learn
graduate teaching assistant for cs six thousand, four hundred and seventy-five computational photography (fall, spring) and cs seven thousand, six hundred and forty-six machine learning for trading. responsible for instructing and mentoring graduate students in both the online and on campus cohorts, and grading assignments and projects.
ipt lead for controls systems, controls software, and phm.
my summer project was to implement canopen and canbus protocols in vhdl to enhance the reliability of amps communication systems. the protocol included error detection using the cyclic redundancy checksum algorithm.
designed custom hardware in autocad and solidworks
designed and facilitated new database structure for technical documents released to customers implemented, documented and maintained functionality for internal grepper application using tcl/tk developed internal technical team website for archive of documents across cross platform teams increased efficiency and productivity across team, saved an average of five engineering hours each week
i aided in experiments pertaining to processing compressed voice using raptorq fountain coding.
i developed embedded software for testing in automotive electronic control units (ecu) over controller area network (can) bus and i participated in activities of diagnosis and problem resolution in the ecu software flashing process for ford vehicles.
developed a program in python that reports the discrepancies in clot location results between three separate company software tools and presents them in a visual debugger format. combined data from two imaging modalities (cta and ct) in classic machine learning techniques (random forest and clustering) to reduce the number of false positives detected by the clot detector tool. examined cta and ct brain scans for ischemic stroke to establish a ground truth.
gained significant plant experience at warren stamping plant created part movement process for metrology lab throughput improvement (reduced wait time by fifty%) used problem solving to reduce variation in the part manufacturing processes (completed power lockout training and reduced door flushness variation by fifty%) developed excel macro for calculating cp, cpk, and % conformance scores for all aa parts within the plant (reduced time to calculate the scores by seventy-five%)
my scope of work includes shifting electrical utilities in project. currently i am handling fifty% of electrical utility shifting. in scope of work end to end responsibility of electrical utility survey, preparation of designs and drawings, liaison with concerned authorities, execution at site level, energization and handing over to client and including client billing and sub contractor billing. i have replaced the temporary power supplies at various sites with solar panels for cost optimization.
several roles of progressive responsibility (see resume)
implemented serial communication for the autonomous mobile robot which was developed by the company. work required implementing internal and external communication protocols for actuators and sensors of the robot in simulink. generating and debugging simulink real time application and generating c++ code for linux systems. created a state machine for the robot initialization process and establishing communication with i/o devices and switching robot control mode.
assisted students and instructors in three courses: ece twenty thousand and seven electrical engineering fundamentals lab ece twenty thousand, eight hundred and seventy-five python for data science ece three hundred and sixty-two microprocessor systems and interfacing duties included: debugging student circuits and code demonstrating circuit and programming best practices evaluating homework, labs and exams working with course staff and gtas to improve and revise labs guide and teach students through assignments and coursework
preformed development and research on electronic engineer devices for honda and acura model automobiles.
worked under electronics group to perform electrical design/integration of ev and combustion ground vehicle platforms. lead front exterior lighting pcb design, environmental testing, and production for corvette z06 gt3.r racecar program. designed low voltage (lv) and high voltage (hv) dc vehicle architectures/wiring harnesses using vesys and visio software. assisted controls engineering group with vehicle canbus configuration and prototype vehicle commissioning.
joint programming with the siemens beijing automation team in beijing. ten thousand+ control points programming and functions buildup. image processing defect detection for corner cracks in steel billets using opencv. material identification with ocr. (industry applied for rough material surface) upper computer program development(connect with siemens plc, data acquisition and monitor, c++) plc and pc program development, maintenance and improvement t sop and iso documents bui
design test platforms, and electromechanical systems (pcba design, embedded systems, sensors, and actuators), for medical devices used in the coronary and vascular fields.
automated leveling firmware integrated radar based height sensor via can signal processing of radar sensor readings for improved accuracy utilized python for can data transmission to test firmware algorithms eeprom write / read to create persistent address claim of sensor array simulink modeling of booms for pid control of height (three dof dynamic system) automated folding / unfolding algorithm automated product boom fold using embedded c code embedded linux ui for calibration process of boom fold
design and release engineers at general motors are in charge of components in gm programs. as the dre for one of the two thousand and twenty-seven models' battery pack my focus was on the interconnected board busbars and mass savings opportunities. my job required me to be fully responsible and the point of contact for these components. meeting with suppliers, cad design, workgroups and physical testing were some of my responsibilities.
intern for the quality assurance/failure analysis group of renesas electronics of america. my assigned intern project involved characterizing etch rates and characteristics of multiple fab processes for micro probing and inspection.
assembled technical specifications for individual projects to aid in contractors assembly of the design. designed and assembled projects in autocad to produce easily interpreted drawings and plots for contractors. increasing the probability of achieving a bid within the clients budget. tasked with writing asset management plans that summarize system costs for existing clients. completed plans early increasing client satisfaction, and provided the client with a budget model for future projects
i had great interest in power and energy systems since my university days, i applied to one of the biggest power generation company of karachi, pakistan and unique thing about this company is, it has 'vertically integrated system' that means the infrastructure of power generation, transmission and distribution is owned by this single entity(k electric). i worked as an intern at five hundred and sixty mega watts combine cycle power plant and completed projects related to power and energy systems.
design components for power closure applications including electronic power actuators and struts. lead supplier execution of designs for timely implementation of components on vehicle programs. root cause and develop solutions for component quality issues identified during development and in the field.
for this role, i worked with the software development team to resolve various defects and expanded my knowledge of angular, node.js, html, and css. additionally, this experience consisted of identifying data trends and displaying this information on a user interface.
assisted in the creation of a map that standardized over five hundred parts needed in various systems for commercial planes based on their systems environmental attributes. researched, organized, and analyzed data regarding the key electrical systems used by the 777x program. handed off the research and the spreadsheets in which the data was organized and collected in a manner that was understandable to my fellow team intern.
counselled students, tutored all subjects, took responsibility for students during emergencies planned events, supervised dorm, enforced rules
assisted with design and implementation of ansible playbooks that can be used to deploy multiple virtual machines. developed custom ansible modules using python to interact with restful api endpoints. automated the deployment of virtual machines and reduced process time from three hours per build to one hour. implemented python multiprocessing to upload deployment files in parallel reducing the time from forty minutes to ten minutes. used gitlab to collaborate and document projects with team
wrote vhdl modules for space craft programs.
i created the preprocessing for a new subsystem that will be used to control five different service and manufacturing routines involving the heating and air conditioning of a vehicle. i outlined a design document for a component that houses eighteen individual subsystems to be used by engineers. i worked in a scaled agile framework with eight other scrum members to design and validate controls designs for a new active thermal management system.
prepared and delivered a six week lecture on the electromagnetic phenomenon supporting mass spectrometry.
focus on assisting senior engineers with producing custom cable assemblies for test and production crimping, soldering etc. mentored with senior designers and developed improved test procedures for full scale production. mentored with senior technicians to build and maintain custom electromechanical designs.
(session three) distribution planner: develop embedded python scripts to create new software functionality in duke’s grid simulation software cyme. (session two) distribution designer: for the installation/replacement of fuses, transformers, reclosers and other circuit equipment, identify the parts, labor, and cost estimates (session one) distribution planner: use cyme to recommend capacitor placements, rephasing, reconductoring, and other potential projects to fix power system issues
worked as part of a three four man team each day leading and directing aircraft into gates, loading and unloading passengers luggage, inspecting planes, filling the planes with water etc.
assisted in the development of jenkins pipeline to automate update linux and windows user accounts developed cli code to launch and edit aws instances improved platform configuration management tools by swapping from puppet to ansible
the goal of ace is to develop future cyber leaders while encouraging technical excellence through research projects, weekly open ended challenge problems, and a capstone exercise. i participated in military research seminars which demonstrate the value of cyber leaders through exploration and analysis of real world case studies with experienced air force officers. this opportunity afforded me with invaluable leadership experience while collaborating with engineers from a different fields.
i tutored students in the areas of calculus one, two, and three; linear algebra; differential equations; and discrete math. in addition with helping them learn course material, i also taught them critical thinking skills that could be transferrable to other subjects.
the objective of this internship was to design a photonic crystal fiber (pcf) based sensor for cancer detection. based on a thorough literature survey of the state of the art technologies, i designed a pcf sensor structure with a cell holding microcavity. using the higher refractive index of cancer cells, the resulting electric field pattern generated in the cavity can determine if inserted sample is cancerous or not. the simulation was implemented on comsol multiphysics software.
developed an embedded vision system for self driving cars using the nvidia jetson tx2 controller board and zed stereo camera. further, designed a deep learning architecture for multi class pixel wise image segmentation and classification, trained the model using google images. moreover, optimized this with the embedded hardware to implement autonomous lane navigation on the mahraindra self driving vehicle with an unprecedented accuracy of ninety-three%.
production assembler learned the assembly of electronic modules including pcb programing, robotic soldering, and end of line testing. basic hand soldering, wiring, and lab organization projects for the engineering group.
advise incoming ucf freshmen students on course requirements, facilitate class registration and guide campus tours at orientation to help first time college students acclimate to the university environment and create a well balanced first semester class schedule and four year academic plan.
developed testing fixture for efficiency of soft robotics in power take off for wave energy converters created data acquisition system (daq) using active sensing and machine vision operated testing equipment including multimeter, oscilloscope, power supplies, breadboard programmed pwm and pid closed loop feedback controller for electro mechanical system presented and discussed research with twenty multidisciplinary upper level management and faculty
work with the display system hardware to and software teams to integrate and develop and validate display features.
integrated new prototype parts into previous generation hydraulic excavators, which allowed for testing without having to manufacture an entire machine. tasks included: bracket design, custom wire harness creation, and hydraulic line routing responsible for troubleshooting unexpected machine behavior and integrating permanent corrective action identified a part design fault, which lead to high hydraulic pressures destroying seals and filling the engine crankcase
my objective during the internship was to understand the process behind the operations of network implementation through a mobile carrier. as a trainee, my duties involved working on network management system and optimizing the layout for better connectivity for vodafone's 4g network. i also worked on the microwave, transmission and ip teams & thus became conversant with lte, mimo, sdh & dwdm technologies.
i've worked as a guidance and controls engineer under the systems engineering department. in that role, i've worked on a missile program to integrate and test hardware and software in a real time lab environment. i also worked on system performance analysis of guidance and control algorithms.
scientist in control and digital electronics group, indian space research organisation, bangalore, india. area of interest include control system, optimization algorithm, motor drives, machine learning, robotics and embedded systems
part of a team of thirty-five engineers developing the first lte+5g soc in india. i have detailed my work here in my cv.
summer internship (forty hrs/week) collecting and analyzing data on experimental photonic adc system. i continued working remotely into the fall semester of two thousand and twenty-one (sixteen hrs/week) studying the capabilities of machine learning in the context of optical signal processing.
effectively manages, coordinates, and collaborates with interconnected teams to develop intricate blocks, features, and architecture for diverse partnership projects. ensuring top notch quality, comprehensive design, and adherence to standards, they also served as the company's representatives at numerous international technical conferences for nec 4g products.
performing technical testing of pwas (printed wiring assemblies) including examining voltage regulation, fsk logic, and fpga signals using guis and test equipment.
twice was a startup focused on online clothing exchange. implemented dhl domestic and international shipping api. enhanced our warehouse tools to make it more efficient to process and pack clothing. implemented components of the main website such as mega menu and faq search utility. implemented components of the mobile website including the front page, header and footer, sidebar, login flow, touch events.
tested and implemented new oven heating system designed and built new product testing device for decreased testing time
i participated the competition on kaggle platform and used restnet fifty model to increase the judgement accuracy based on the retina graph. what' more, i helped the phd student to complete thesis and processed the blurry image.
learned basic designing and building pcbas, programming in c++, code integration, design documentation, and release notes. volumetrics project. electronics design, build, and software development for rs232 communication with the volumetric analysis sensor product. designed, soldered, and programmed pcbs to allow users to communicate with the volumetrics product remotely with rs232. telemetry turntable project. designed a rotating table with adjustable speeds for wheel telemetry sensor cal
worked on radar systems in the domain of cooperative and non cooperative airborne, missile, and space targets. projects included scenario modeling and implementation of engineering solutions into existing software
worked under dr. jud ready in electrical optical systems laboratory clean/spincoat/expose/developed bare silicon wafers started process of cnt growth as well as the transistor/transparent layers of photovoltaic cell trained to begin metal catalyst deposition, as well as wafer etching and atomic layer deposition
automated test development for cca level applications conduct test readiness review to verify for score hardware preparations write, track, review and verify resolution of defects design, write, review, and execute test plans, procedures, reports, user guides, and other technical documentation effectively communicate testing status to technical leads, software developers, and program managers excel macro development to streamline and consolidate raytheon equipment database systems
worked on developing point tools to improve efficiency in the memory team.
i was a full time intern in a start up that brings ai to medical diagnosis. i developed code regarding geometry in medical imaging. i setup a system that automatized data collection and classification with ai. i also gained experience with terabyte level database.
modified software and hardware to increase the functionality and efficiency of lab equipment. analyzed circuit diagrams to create pinouts for system troubleshooting. utilized matlab to model and predict electrical systems.
working as an rf firmware engineer developing firmware and control software for cellular radio subsystems. my responsibilities include rf front end configuration generation, firmware implementation, and adaptation, feature enhancements, error debug and log analysis.
i verified data sheets of, sourced, and tested substitute components in response to shortages. i also tested and debugged new and current board designs (environmental, surge, and misapplication) and regularly discussed possible solutions to hardware issues with hardware and quality engineers. my work also involved diagnosing field returns with functional testers, software tools, and electronics equipment and debugging and repairing obsolete programmer pods to support production overseas.
worked on location based social networks (lbsns)
joined a production engineering team overseeing the lithography stage of semiconductor chip production. analyzed results of lithography using various tools, performed tests and advised calibrations of lithography machines as necessary. wrote python scripts and used sql pathfinder to extract and organize production and test result data.
supporting global commodity leads with price negotiations and tracking
this role required managing people and assets in the gold mining industry
developed mandatory automated tests scripts for key engine and aftertreatment features on crizzle for large mining truck and large wheel loader built and validated engine production and test files for lwl on a closed loop bench for various features and updates. built files for caterpillar emissions systems (ces) a retrofit program and maintained documentation for the processes. performed cmps (caterpillar monitoring parameter system) validation on large engine machines.
as the communications officer, managed a division of ten electronics technicians in maintaining submarine communications equipment including satellite based ip communications and conventional radio communications. entrusted with the management and documentation of all ship’s top secret classified materials and sensitive cryptographic equipment. oversaw the training and qualification of the ship’s radio operators, ensuring operational readiness and the ability to communicate critical info.
twenty hrs during school, forty hrs during summer
engineering co op rotation at one of johnson & johnson's medical device companies.
i worked at the small satellite research lab at the university of georgia as one of the head electrical engineers. i designed the interface board for one of the two satellites being developed in the lab.
managed four five acoustical engineers and technicians working on projects advancing state of the art technology in out loud acoustics, wearable acoustics, signal processing, and array design.
perform all phases of electrical design including research, development, prototyping, testing and debugging for pcb products. designs include analog and digital filtering, audio amplification, power supplies, embedded systems, audio data conversion (adc/dac/codecs) and serial communication (i2s, i2c, jtag, uart, usb).
teaching assistant to international program with two sister universities in malawi. helped group of six bachelor's student's develop low cost implementable covid nineteen prevention methods. a hand sanitizer dispenser and decontamination chamber both to be implemented in malawian city centers.
· diagnosed the cause of a ninety% scrap rate of a plastic bottle machine by observing mechanical movements and production processes. · reduced scrap rate down to two% by improving mold blow extrusion process, which was achieved by adding in extra pneumatic valves and a plc module to feed signals into existing embedded system, thereby producing desired mechanical movements.
engaged learning fellowship research group with a purpose of automating continuous bladder irrigation in post op patients.
software engineer working on the patriot missile defense system. specifically on launcher missile communication/processing
electric vehicle traction inverter engineer. responsibilities include: circuit design, power supply design, pcb layouts, supplier schedule & deliverable tracking, hardware testing & verification, emc/emi countermeasure design, mechanical packaging review, verifying designs meet electrical requirements, lead team meetings, lead inverter related electrical analyses, support supplier meetings and design reviews
doe funded research on carbon neutral energy production systems. investigation of biomass use for coal waste deposit remediation, the geospatial cycle of coal mining waste, primarily in the eastern us coal producing regions, and co combustible biogas generated from renewable biomass sources for power generation (“carbon negative” electricity).
represented the seven hundred and eighty-seven program as the primary manufacturing integrator throughout the acquire, produce, and support phase of the life cycle for the aircraft. supported production responsibility for wire installation and equipment installation. performed model based engineering through several modeling applications in order to conduct electromagnetic effect analysis.
supported efforts to improve quality of final product and starter sheets by creating new sops and grading criteria. also assisted in reducing aqueous entrainment into the tank house via lle methods and balancing liquid phase velocities.
implemented various electrical, mechanical, and software procedure improvements for the high security door project under the fleet ballistic missile program designed and performed various troubleshooting procedures to successfully restore a malfunctioning temperature control unit used for missile testing performed research to implement a new heat exchanger used for a hydraulic power unit to decrease power consumption by up to fifty%
i learned in detail about each step in the manufacturing of industrial transformers and chokes and its various quality control methods that were being used. i made a study on the production planning control report for the company, which was needed for calculating the raw materials required in the manufacturing processes.
develop test infrastructure for post silicon verification using scripting languages and test bench equipment. document test procedures and results. optimize operating conditions and provide possible improvements. work with the design team to debug sensor problems. create and maintain testing framework for generalized use in python, c++, javascript, etc. characterize different sensors performance and alter to yield intended results per project. work with design team to debug sensor problems.
determine design approaches and parameters perform system analysis to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints utilize modeling tools and equipment to establish operating data, conduct experimental tests, and evaluate results select components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliability perform simulations and present design reviews to peer engineers write scripts to control synthesis and build tools
i worked in supply chain as a manufacturing engineer assisting external component suppliers. i would advise them on modifications to drawings and help improve their process. i saw first hand how automation, controls, and electrical engineering is shaping the future of manufacturing. machine shops are now becoming computer controlled and we are now even using electrodes for precision machining.
supported architectural development of electronic control systems for new aftertreatment designs, including systems simulations, performance testing, and problem solving.
generated computer models in atp for high voltage equipment. improved transformer short circuit impedance calculations made in fortran and implemented them in excel along with calculations for dual voltage designs and zigzag connections. obtained empirical factors to estimate transformer positive sequence and zero sequence impedance calculations closer to the tested values. attended transformer design seminars and presented a transformer modeling session.
assisted it support, maintained company systems, upheld cybersecurity, and optimized system performance by resolving hardware and software issues. configured network devices, conducted regular system audits, and enhanced user experience through proactive maintenance.
it was a software house which was known for its application development. my job as quality assurance engineer was to: one. test the applications for issues such as errors, crashes and failure of the application to work. two. document the issues with application. three. report and coordinate on the issues with the possible solutions if applicable.
teaching assistant for ece four thousand, seven hundred and forty. helped create and grade homework and exam questions. conducted lab evaluations on cadence virtuoso based on schematic design, drc/lvs rule checks, and layout ppa criteria.
design of the self service voltage transformers new models utp seventy-two, one hundred and twenty-three,one hundred and forty-five, the design and fea electric models of the insulation system for the model utp two hundred and forty-five at 1050kv bil (comsol and quick field). winner innovation project two thousand and twelve for the mexico national council of humanities, science, and technology. project: “development of the technology for designing the self service voltage transformer”
completed rigorous ste school curriculum and final board certification program with a thirty% attrition rate. topics include reactor mechanical and electrical systems, reactor instrumentation and control, nuclear physics and theory, reactor and steam plant chemistry, radiological controls, reactor operations procedures, reactor emergency procedures balanced requirements of reactor safety, authorization of work and acceptance testing on submarine s6g and aircraft carrier a4w reactor plant types
was responsible to approach prospective clients and manage client relations represented the company at various conferences and startup events, delivered presentations at these events
tutoring students to improve understanding of lecture materials, preparing students to progress to introductory e&m.
implemented digital signal processing techniques in matlab and vhld for wireless communications projects. created electronic designs, power supplies, and schematics using dxdesigner for ground sensor units. coded embedded software on various arm processors for electronic warfare projects.
software engineer on perigon program. perigon is a next generation flight controller for fixed wing or rotary aircraft. see resume for more.
responsible for production line support and improvements including: engineering and manufacturing changes to products developing and outsourcing test fixture development for new pcbas in new products troubleshooting and documenting issues on the production floor as well as implementing solutions root cause analysis of pcba quality failures and repair conducting safety meetings to implement changes to ensure all processes are as safe as possible.
as an intern, my role was to observe, assist, and learn while shadowing an established electrical engineer during his daily duties. these duties primarily consisted of overseeing installation of high voltage components, maintaining sub stations, and ensuring older high voltage components continue to function properly.
using data management to optimize manufacturing processes in extruded aluminum. including designing experiments, training staff in metallurgy, and programming tools to be used on the production floor.
taught three classes of up to eight students, ages seven thirteen: adventures in robotics, robotic design and visual programming, and mobile game design for iphone and android. designed lesson plans based off of the curriculum and led the students through activities to help them learn and socialize with other campers.
in a leadership role, i spearheaded the collaboration, coordination, and partnership with closely connected teams, driving the development of highly complex components. the focus was on achieving excellence in quality, design completeness, functionality, power, performance, and timing standards for qualcomm hardware chipsets such as snapdragon’s fsm 90xx/99xx/100xx/200xx, msm 85xx
process engineer leading development of a high temperature gan rf microelectronics process developing processes and selecting materials for new chip packaging methodologies involving flexible electronics
produced a set of pre recorded discussion videos and wrote ~fifty problems as interactive conceptual checks for these videos. taught two discussion sections and held office hours weekly. organized exam logistics for class of six hundred+ students and wrote exam questions.
led tico in advanced analytical skills with the use of fea/cae to quickly optimize designs while backing them up with manual hand calculation methods. designed complex mechanical systems, using strong mechanical design fundamentals and solidworks 3d cad, to improve the function of our terminal tractor ( http://ticocorp.com/home/ ) in all of its environments and ensure it exceeds the demands of our ever growing customer base. developed systems integration engineering knowledge through multiple
my main role as an intern was to implement engineering drawings for specific site and vehicle installations. as well as, installing network infrastructure on private facilities on fort bragg.
supporting the design and analysis of the high pressure air supply control system new development, production support, and predictive maintenance data analytics on seven hundred and thirty-seven environmental control systems. conducting system safety analysis studies for hazards assessments, design assurance and fault trees. developing analytical models for system thermodynamic analysis and flight data root cause analysis.
instantiated analog to digital convertor modules in verilog for fpgas used in medical detectors. worked on test automation project to automate testing for zynq and spartan fpgas present in medical detectors.
small business defense contractor for department of navy, nswc crane. job includes electrical engineering, software development, manufacturing, updating/reverse engineering dod legacy technology.
transition into the role of a sme in the test and simulation team support cummins power generation portfolio of current products globally in asia, and americas region contribute to engineering and design for next generation power gen products design, test, and validate the testing equipment for commercial and military application products aid in recruitment efforts for entry level engineering talent for internships, co ops, and full time roles
hold open lab hours to answer questions and help debugging; assist graduate teaching assistant with lab prep and demo; proctor exams.
operated, tested, troubleshooted, and maintained a national laboratory scale experimental plasma physics fusion device, c 2w, and its many complex subsystems.
managing fifty-five permanent, including two expats, and up to one hundred and twenty temporary employees for both maintenance, improvement and project works from an open pit to a thirty zero+ tpd throughput concentrator (crushing, milling, flotation & filtration). in charge of electrical infrastructure integrity, energy management and relationship management with power supply utility (cec, zesco & snel) acting as the engineering manager when the incumbent is off duty (managing +five hundred employees including up to twenty-five expats)
developed a cnn and autoencoder model to obtain machine learning features from complex valued radar pulses
technical and design work on millimeter wavelength camera. use schematics and models to integrate assemblies and troubleshoot systems. development of standardized testing plans for instrument testing and data acquisition. characterization of three kilopixel scale arrays of microwave kinetic inductance detectors operating at 100mk. hands on experience with thermal design and optimization.
assist msu student athletes with concerns concentrating on varying disciplines of mathematics. incorporate different learning and organizational strategies while suggesting alternative approaches to problem solving to increase student retention and comprehension.
worked on reverse engineering of foreign missile systems.
developing test solutions for rf front end modules designing, developing and debugging test boards for pa/lna rf front end modules. programming and debugging test programs, specifically in cohu pax ate systems.
project lead in the software design and development of manufacturing quality test systems for customer new product development, data acquisition systems, and automated manufacturing systems. software system languages include labview, python, c, c++. projects include high speed and precision motion control, machine vision and real time analysis on industrial controllers, sourcing and system level integration of sensors and data acquisition (daq) equipment.
process integration engineer samsung austin semiconductor austin, texas projects/responsibilties (in progress): help develop new process flow patterns that will increase yield of wafers as well as reduce production costs for current technology nodes. help develop new process flow patterns that will be used for future technology nodes. skills/lessons learned (in progress): learned process flow for production of various semiconductors products on wafers. learned how statistical data analys
(summers only) my work as a research assistant consisted of examining the influence of supply chain factors, leadership, innovation, and dynamic capabilities on business continuity and resiliency of small & medium manufacturers (smms) after hurricane maría and strategies adopted by smms after the two thousand and twenty earthquakes in puerto rico.
hold help sessions three times each week to assist students of physics i and ii
worked on the design, testing, troubleshooting, and deployment of nuclear reactor refueling platforms.
provide grid technology engineering, testing, and analysis services to support various company organizations in the areas of microgrid power hardware in the loop (p hil) testing and simulation, electromagnetic transient studies and power system protection. support field and laboratory projects on a range of technology including microgrid controllers, smart inverters, distributed generation, and energy storage. perform power system modeling and analysis, equipment prototyping and evaluation.
performed the technical maintenance and repair of electronics devices around campus.
teach classes for electricians in nec code, test prep, solar installations, etc.
support engineering activities for pet/ct scanner devices
perform research and analysis of alternatives on new and existing like products. develop, solder, test, and build all prototypes using arduino, tinkercad, jellybox, and related tools. test prototypes hardware and software. create algorithms for biokinematic models and implement them into java to be used on preventative athletic devices. track all incoming and outgoing pieces in database.
rank of corporal for combat logistics regiment fifteen communications platoon. in charge of establishing communication links between distant radio stations.
oversee production and engineering of metal thin film processing of gaas semiconductor laser diodes. this includes e beam evaporation, dc sputtering, pecvd, rie, and rta. responsible for data analysis and statistical process control for all of the processing area. also serve as a secondary owner for other feol processes, including wet etch, photolithography, and lap & polish. frequently attend meetings with upper management to discuss process optimization and new process development.
health systems infrastructure wireless integration engineer team lead since july two thousand and twenty. design & deploy eight hundred and two.eleven wireless local area networks (wlan) for u.s. military health system (mhs) facilities. work with defense health agency network teams & stakeholders to troubleshoot & sustain enterprise wlan. provide project manager (pm) wireless team labor & cost estimates to ensure adequate future team resources. create & maintain team schedules. manage team resources & performance.
performed engineering design, modifications, economic and analytical support for transmission and distribution substations. planned, designed, scheduled, coordinated, and ensured completion of all physical and control aspects of the projects, from initiation through construction close out. administered project leadership of designs for construction, location, and relocation of company facilities.
delivered paint
at qualcomm, i worked on electrical failure analysis of mems actuators on information display technology. i collected data and ran data processing on that data to provide to my vp, who utilized that data for customer presentations.
analog and mixed signal test engineer for renesas. designed test hardware and test programs for a wide portfolio of products.
lead systems verification engineer for protected tactical waveform secure communication systems lead project engineer, ptw time transfer program with the office of naval research requirements definition & tracking, test design & automation, and laboratory configuration encryption, integration, and key management demonstrated the first forward link data transfer with encryption from the boeing/space force joint hub to a terminal modem
validated design sheets (with catia and cr5000), tasks lists, and specification sheets of standard part audio amplifiers performed evaluations on prototype audio amplifiers to confirm specifications are met supported mentor on translating information with toyota japan and our audio supplier, harman benchmarked over the air software, and assisted with speaker & antenna development
supported the federal aviation administration on the terminal and technical operation (tnt) contract, as a project lead, assigned to ajw one hundred and forty-six second level engineering team for the airport surveillance radar system asr nine
i work as a software engineer developing and maintaining software in embedded systems. i work on drivers for custom rf hardware as well as the higher level code that interfaces with them. i also coordinate with other teams to diagnose and fix complex software issues.
develop lab management software by java ee technology running on websphere and db2. run system inter operability testing for open systems like aix, linux, and windows with ibm storage products. develop perl and python based testing automation scripts. help to set up a lab with over one hundred,zero servers in tucson.
·wrote and executed test plans and performed exploratory testing for an upcoming application ·developed a website and presentation for investor communications
front end design of fec used in 10g epon and scheduler design.
machine learning techniques for an automotive fuel injected system developed a neural network based fuel controller generated training data sets using an industrial grade software amesim, which is used for engine modelling and simulation detailed performance analysis on the training algorithm used for this purpose. (back propagation vs levenberg marquardt)
worked in aflmc's premier college internship program (pcip) during the summer of two thousand and twenty-two. familiarized with dod methods and operations. gained experience in systems modeling, signal analysis, and matlab and python programming. studied electro optical and rf technologies and their applications.
i work in the auss (automated ultrasonic scanning systems) group which designs and sells automated non destructive testing machines to verify flight readiness for composite airplane parts for both commercial and defense customers.
traffic signal engineering and design. design, configure, program, and commission traffic signaling systems. integrate new traffic signals into existing state monitoring systems. traffic signal operations support. supplement traffic engineering design division as needed for signal timing, traffic flow analysis, and intersection design. support statewide signal operations and construction. intelligent transportation systems field support for all statewide signaling networking equipment.
flight test engineer for the air traffic control and landing systems branch. planned, executed, and reported on flight test activities, as assigned, including development and periodic certification of radar and gps based shipboard landing systems, including automatic landing of f/a eighteen aircraft, and shipboard air surveillance radars and display systems. developed capabilities based t&e test strategies for the branch.
tested and reviewed designed lab assignments in digital systems, circuit analysis, electronics, power electronics, microcontrollers, and control systems. maintained and organized labs’ equipment. provided the semester schedule of different labs based on the offered labs by the school. updated and reorganized the lab semester schedule. submitted weekly report to my supervisor regarding the ta's progress and their work ethic.
development and testing of optimal trajectory algorithm for an indoor mobile robot. work included integration of camera, remote system and mobile robot. execution of planned maneuvers by the robot. development of trajectory planning and obstacle avoidance and target tracking of mobile robot and it's execution and testing.
team member in test flight operations (tfo) and data systems controls engineering (dsce) teams. software developer for data acquisition, rocket engine test, and ground control equipment for the guidance, navigation, and controls systems group.
i work as an rf engineer for northrop grumman. i currently lead a team of rf engineers to test and verify fielded military antennas.
design and implementations of embedded software in c++ for industrial flowmeters. work with cross functional and remote teams in research and development consisting of firmware, hardware, and sensors. implement test scripts in c# for automated regression testing. driving digitalization by using industrial ethernet protocols, wlan, bluetooth, and icloud connectivity.
member of the i2d2 (imagination,innovation,discovery, and design) program which focuses on k five outreach in the lafayette/west lafayette community to introduce students to engineering. led engineer activities for groups of ten fifty students along with managing i2d2 volunteers. introduced the topic of each meeting, explained each activity, answered questions, and facilitated discussion after the activity to make sure the activity objective was clear to the students.
teaching assistant for signals & systems ii course, responsible for leading labs, grading assignments, and holding office hours to help students with the general course material.
develop ruggedized wireless communication and power distribution node
automation engineer in frito lay's warehouse engineering department. common responsibilities include working with vendors to develop pilot warehouse automation solutions, leading the technical aspect of deployment aspects, and scoping new equipment & data tracking.
summer internship
took charge of maintenance work for the field of avionics and qc(quality control) managing. conducted electrical maintenance of military cargo and commercial aircraft and pre flight inspection of aircraft.
implemented service tool change for large engines by managing specification development, technical meetings, and following the change request management process. examined, updated, and troubleshooted harness used for connection between ecm and dspace simulator.
led the electrical engineering team in the development of a new design prototype, which involved coordinating efforts among the electrical, mechanical, and firmware teams. baselined the existing sensors to determine whether their performance was sufficient for a new product. researched new sensors and sensor systems as potential upgrades for future products. debugged issues that arose from integrating components from different printers into a new prototype.
technical lead in rf conditioning group
equipment engineer i owned integrating lab tools into the factory setting, ensuring our equipment met spec. product development debugged silicon both here and prepared the product for high volume manufacturing. networked in az as well as penang to ensure quality was met.
design and develop pcb assemblies that perform specific functions within industrial printers. construct, execute, and document tests to assess hardware functionality and firmware alterations. collaborate with colleagues from multiple teams to review and improve designs. perform system level tasks and debugging as necessary, such as interfacing a new stepper motor to the main logic board or analyzing the effect of cable routing on signal integrity.
project manager for systems line consolidation project to reduce the number of production lines and factory space to be redistributed to components division. provide engineering and manufacturing support for five production lines for standard and custom cooling systems that encompass compressor based chillers, liquid to liquid cooling systems, and ambient cooling systems. create assembly instructions and assembly inspection followers for technicians assembling various systems.
integrate various pieces of new hardware into the software my company uses. create applications to automatically perform redundant tasks. troubleshoot and fix both hardware and software issues. work with any and all signals within the realm of position, navigation and timing. government contracting for the us military.
improvement of detail and accuracy of gis geo database files by management and editing of geometric feature layers (“featurelayers” for polygons, points, and polylines) compilation and analysis of engineering cad specification documents to extract relevant pipeline data managing synchronous databases queries between tams, arcgis pro and arcmap for geometric geospatial data value organization and data attribution management in tuples scripting sql codes for featurelayers.
maintain and develop new features for an electric vehicle simulation and modeling system.
member of agile development team creating online web games contributed to the development of game frontend framework written in javascript part of qa automations team creating automated testing suites using node.js and cypress
further work on assigned tasks. designed and fabricated a custom breadboard and wrote firmware to emulate existing sensors. wrote realtime logging and plotting applications to visualize data from the board. also engineered a different architecture for an embedded gui in a separate product to significantly increase maintainability and correctness.
coordinated updates to f thirty-five helmet maintenance plan with lockheed martin and several suppliers. created maintenance procedures for new, lightweight generation of f thirty-five helmet mounted display. oversaw to completion $16k project to integrate hmd into a simulated f thirty-five cockpit for use as an integration asset. performed analyses for diagnosis and correction of helmet and kc forty-six vision systems integration issues prepared and conducted hmd demonstrations for high profile customers and partners
o program cancelled due to covid nineteen travel restrictions o interviewed and accepted for hardware validation intern position
wavegate technologies is a medical device startup that aims to enhance the effectiveness of spinal cord stimulator medical devices by utilizing fiber optics to gauge the position of the spinal cord in real time. while serving in a research and development role for this company, i modeled parts of a medical device using cad software to reduce product development time, fabricated prototypes, performed troubleshooting, and implemented design verification tests.
the project, under dr. karabi biswas) required me to design and implement a variable amplitude (one.08v to 24v peak to peak) variable frequency (93khz to 480khz) function generator. i also worked on mathematical analysis of notch filter based on operational amplifiers and fractional capacitors.
i established series of products performance analysis, including cad modeling, heat transfer & energy study, packaging design, etc. projects included platelet storage system, plasma thawer, ultra low temperature freezer, etc. i also operated and improved labview based fluke data logging system. i generated database for comparative products evaluation.
i interned at a start up and worked on developing a configuration driven python package to perform data certification, a function to certify the data that exists in two database sources. this package created two files that detailed all the discrepancies that exists in data between two sources.
i was responsible for designing and developing a current controlled buck converter for an integrated battery charger using ps21a7a intelligent power module by mitsubishi semiconductor.
taught electromagnetics theory, digital communication systems, digital signal processing, digital computer design, computer architecture, software engineering, basic electrical engineering and supervised bachelors students on design and research projects. prepared, monitored and developed experiments in circuit laboratory class for undergraduate students using pspice and the digilent analog discovery device for four semesters. published papers in peer review international journals.
developed and optimized the manufacturing processes, recipes, and automation systems, with a specific focus on dry etch processes. authored and published intel internal technical papers addressing wafer movement enhancement, process quality and reliability improvements, and the advancement of new technologies. engineered a novel test wafer design and regeneration process, resulting in a remarkable three.twenty-one% reduction in wafer start up costs and a substantial twelve% decrease in chamber condition
gas system distribution field engineer.
worked in technological sales and learned new software systems in the market related to data compiling and workforce optimization i have collaborated with multiple companies, datajoy and seismic, and acquired product knowledge on the sales of conglomerate software companies assisted in problem solving the troubles that come with software in order to pitch it to other companies that want to use said software.
reviewed consultants' designs and specifications for sound transit stations (light rail and heavy rail) ensured station and tunnel design system integration, with emphasis for electrical and mechanical systems standardized led and fluorescent lighting fixtures for all stations after extensive research and life cycle cost evaluations initiated research and authored memos and white papers including: “variable frequency drives versus soft starts for tunnel ventilation fans”
lead internal and external teams to research and develop new products synthesise requirements from industry safety specifications and design tests to verify requirements source/ integrate components, manage project schedule, develop 3rd party integrations
assisted in designing and manufacturing power electronics such as arc welders and plasma cutters utilized mentor graphics (design capture and dxdesigner) to design pcb layouts developed software in the c programming language using code composer studio as an ide programmed a low level real time clock driver utilized solid edge as a cad software experience with stick and metal inert gas (mig) welding
i did input and check data in network department of tieling branch and participated in selecting site and maintaining base station.
one. monitoring data in the control panel of the substation and recording any anomalies. two. understanding the construction of three phase transmission line system of the power substation along with the central air conditioning mechanism. three. transformer maintenance and oil exchange method applied in the procedure.
design the wiring for the electric equinox
researched trends, government policies and economic incentives available in the caribbean to advance business strategy in the renewable energy market as part of start up strategies. managed the procurement and outsourcing process of various lighting technologies. met with clients to gain an understanding of their lighting needs, identified the best products to meet their needs, and generated purchase orders
worked under mentors assisting them in schematic design, vhdl coding, performing simulations, and testing boards in lab
worked with the energy audit team in finding annual cost reductions over $one hundred,zero annually responsible for setting up the campus wide capital renewal program
alternated between training new servers, bartending or serving.
electrical and mechanical system, sub system, and component design.
forty hrs/week may august fifteen hrs/week august may develop over one thousand, six hundred different engineering build instructions for operations in autodesk suites create over three thousand production orders in aegis mes standardize build instructions to optimize accuracy and repeatability in aegis mes create ecos to update boms to proper hardware requirements in agile plm completed computational thermal analysis of bga encapsulation
designed, built, and modified a wi fi enabled solar tracking system for solar irradiance measurements reviewed and presented research for asme’s dynamic systems and controls conference wrote a chapter within analysis of machine elements using solidworks simulation two thousand and twenty
developed a digital control system for the devices of a chemical process research laboratory investigated and resolved electrical issues in a quality assurance mini reactor control system
being part of a vlsi backend multi disciplinary system on a chip (soc) design team, was responsible for development, validation and deployment of various flows/methodologies pertaining to power performance area (ppa) optimization on a wide spectrum of qualcomm product portfolio. taking full advantage of the capabilities provided by a variety of eda vendor tools and other open source platforms to streamline, automate and optimize key steps like sta, power/yield optimization and time to market.
performed patent analysis and searches in areas of patentability, freedom to operate, validity and infringement used proprietary search databases to perform patent portfolio and diligence analysis collaborated with inventors, attorneys and investors and produced patent analysis reports to support patent based licensing and investment decisions reviewed patent application drafts created and maintained project progress and financial reports
instructed software development and stem camps around the usa in underserved communities that lack access to technological resources locally. empowered young students with tools that are absolute in today's and tomorrow's world. instructed techie and it on ramp camps which covered materials on android app development, web development, robotics, internet of things, 3d and 2d animation/game, and 3d printing.
co op at a defense company. worked on an interdisciplinary team consisting of electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and computer scientists. my tasking consisted of designing boards with the capability of interfacing with other team members boards. this included technical reviews of the board prior to manufacturing, testing individually, and integrating into the overall project. i also designed automated testing systems that would verify components were functioning properly
i supported the drawings team updating and performing audits on 2d drawings dealing with rack assemblies, interconnect diagrams, drawing trees, and parts lists in visio and excel. i created a more efficient way to resize the window of a drawing of any size and return to the cover page in visio.
full stack software engineer using python, javascript, and java
one.performed detailed analysis of circuit schematics and created friendly user manuals. two.documented and organized information for use in the bom three.assisted engineers in preparing design documentation four.concurrently manage involvement in multiple projects at various stages
forty hrs/week may august fifteen hrs/week august november interface dewesoft daq and raven hardware via can messaging develop porting program between microsoft excel and dewesoft daq in c++ and xml develop pid controller for dewesoft daq in c++
analyzed cosite interference on aircraft designs containing multiple rf systems using ansys emit software performed link budget analysis between an rf system on the aircraft and an rf system on the ground
technical point of contact between texas instruments and customers. developed the world's first augmented reality head up display as seen in the two thousand and twenty-one mercedes s class. job responsibilities included: international travel for on site design, debugging, training sessions with customers developed algorithms and software for color calibration and led control served as "voice of the customer" for internal development discussions of new devices and software
application of machine learning concepts for oil and gas problems including production optimization. please refer to my resume for more information.
flexsim is a 3d simulation software company that was recently acquired by autodesk. published over ninety answers on questions about the software wrote two informational articles on key features and several bug reports coded and implemented twenty models from scratch with top tier functionality and craft
during this internship i developed a recursive formulation for a cholesky matrix decomposition in fortran and optimized such factorization to increase the computation speed by forty percent. i also tested the effect of a radome on antenna patterns in an anechoic chamber.
work concurrently with pcb designers while developing schematics containing fpgas, ddr4, microcontrollers, emmc, qspi, and various high speed interfaces. constraint driven design of advanced pcb layout for various military communication solutions. develop pcb stack ups, routing topology, perform pre layout analysis to generate si routing constraints for design. post layout design verification using hyperlynx to perform signal integrity, power integrity, decoupling analysis, and plane noise.
i was the hardware design/test engineering liaison. i provided hardware design level expertise to the test engineering group to assist them with their system testing. if any systemic failures were observed i worked to determine root cause corrective action going as far as redesign work on several of the cca.
performed low level testing & verification of software for commercial engines, ensuring software functionality complies as per requirements and is in accordance with do 178b (aerospace industry guidelines). compiled, generated, and consolidated testcases testing on diagnostic systems to ensure software object functions as per requirements by using microsoft excel and matlab/simulink (model coverage analysis and simulink design verifier).
work on projects for clients that include power system studies, equipment evaluation, and substation design.
· achieved savings of $485k/y by collaborating with technicians to implement auto calibrated sensors on curing presses. · improved maintenance efficiency by working with the it department to establish automated work order system. · collaborated to develop a plc logic to detect leakage in hydraulic cylinders; documented for future testing and development. · drafted scope of work to upgrade fire prevention system for hydraulic power units (nineteen units with tanks of five hundred+ gallons).
improved efficiency of in house wire coating production by designing and integrating mechatronic solutions including a tensioner, counting, and “auto stop” system into existing hardware. optimized wire coating production process by assessing chemical process requirements (cure time & temperature), motor speed, coating thickness, slurry viscosity, wire thickness & geometry. conducted mechanical and chemical testing on ceramic matrix composites, ceramic coated wires, and ultra thin films
firmware developer, mostly working on smart grid applications.
worked on a design team for an experimental project involving a high power converter and generator controller assisted with designs of unit housing, bus bars, wire harness assemblies, and more. also assisted with other miscellaneous projects that came my way, including tooling design, technical customer support work, and more.
performed chemical assays to determine enzymatic activities of product samples. programmed excel spreadsheets to process, visualize, and interpret raw data obtained from laboratory assays. performed troubleshooting to detect and resolve problems with laboratory procedures. collected and processed raw data obtained from laboratory experiments for analysis. authored and validated laboratory methods. collected, ingested, processed, and stored large datasets from a variety of data sources and stakeh
i worked as a research technician at the owens valley radio observatory. i assisted science operations for the carbon monoxide mapping array pathfinder (comap), owens valley long wavelength array (ov lwa), and various projects associated with ovro's forty meter telescope. my work there included electronics assembly and troubleshooting, telescope maintenance and control, and data analysis.
i constructed the login system calling the face recognition detection api and crawled information from official website by decoding the captcha id.
electrical design and wiring control specification, full manufacturing packages, and bom for medium voltage dry type distribution transformers up to 5mva and 200kv bil. designs made with step lap core and three leg core, rectangular coils, and circular coils.
development engineering co op r&d rotation at one of johnson & johnson's medical device companies. this rotation was in their energy department working on powered tissue cutting and sealing devices.
it support team member for surgical suite of medical software. root cause analysis and solutions for electronic health record software.
software engineer for automated driving compute system architecture team.
worked with engineering and marketing team to develop and maintain e commerce platform.
encourage students to get involved and ensure new student arrivals settle in and make the most out of their time at rit.
test stand design and integration automated test development utilizing ni labview, teststand, and cvi hardware procurement and installation cabling harness construction and checkout environmental chamber testing
construct geometries for hypothetical surgical procedures that are then meshed, subjected to the weak formulation of navier stokes, and visualized to determine blood flow turbulence in relevant blood vessels.
worked closely with the chief information security officer to drive efficiency by ten% mom of the defect risk software launched the nginx installation and site configurations with ansible increasing the product’s functionality by ten% incorporated into tibco’s mashery api software by senior leadership to assess progress against fy20 benchmarked metrics
ic verification: using uvm and fpga to verify different protocols, like apb to uart, axi to vga, for cpu design
ensc s one hundred and thirty-eight: introduction to probability for engineering and data science
implemented a solar array thermal balance test for mathematical model verification built a small 2d cnc systems to be used as ground test equipment
established industry best practice program management methods to streamline planned work and uncover unplanned work in an r&d centered organization. developed relationships with both theory and experimental teams, allowing me to overcome siloing and identify numerous projects requiring cross discipline collaboration. these projects resulted in significant improvements in employee engagement and success
tutored other acc students in calculus, chemistry and physics.
i am expected to design control panels, program plc's, interact with customers, write code from scratch, head up r&d tasks, and commission equipment in the field.
managed programs devoted to implementation of autonomous driving technologies on class eight commercial vehicles. see resume for more details.
perform duties related to sales, temporary staffing, public relations and recruiting use hubspot to generate one thousand leads per working week train interns related to employer branding concepts screening resumes to shortlist candidates for information technology related job vacancies
at this job i was responsible for the following: participating in multiple projects involving electrical design of various energy efficiency measures conducting electrical cost estimation performing electrical load calculations value engineering field surveying construction sites before and during construction phases communicating with field personnel on installation shop drawings provide advice to colleagues vetting equipment selection
monitor, record, and make field decisions involving drilling and grouting operations. record mining progress, inflow changes, and tolerances on precast segments. advise field leadership (foreman, superintendents) on engineering plans. ensure plans/contract specifications are being followed in the field. notify engineering management of any quality issues or areas for improvement.
wrote custom small business accounting software using sql and php for automated timekeeping and internal reimbursement management, saving financial manager ten hours per month. wrote labview interface controlling mechanical testing and thermal equipment for test automation, simplifying the process for recording and interpreting readings. assisted senior engineers in fabrication and experimental design.
conduct comprehensive analysis of electrical hardware and provide embedded software maintenance for the radar system of the e three sentry.
metabolite profiling of yeast (and some mouse and human tissues) using capillary electrophoresis and gc/gc mass spectrometry. operation and maintenance of biomek and fx robots, and gc/gc ms. hiring and supervisor to lab undergraduate workers. perform protein protein interaction experiments with protein of interest from collaborating laboratories.
i worked in the autonomous bus department, where i trained a support vector machine model, integrating it with ros to classify relevant traffic lights information from detected objects. additionally, i trained a deep neural network model using instance segmentation for lane detection.
radio, speaker, and circuit board hardware testing root cause analysis and troubleshooting soldering and repair assistance
to develop testing systems and validate driver features for hardware products.
worked various power engineer roles including distribution, operation and transmission planning
developed procedure to digitize discrepancy reporting system for aircraft provided support for ongoing contractual bid
provided electrical engineering expertise for repairs, improvements, and troubleshooting efforts on u.s. navy submarines and aircraft carriers
conducts general it and hardware support for the 181st isrg, including troubleshooting, maintaining, and providing twenty-four/seven support for the processing and delivery of intelligence products to complete missions. network administrator for 181st iw and several air force enterprise networks. oversee hundreds of user accounts across six classified networks, maintains cyber security, hardware and software standards across seventy+ positions containing multiple top secret and secret systems.
· systems engineer for a large airborne testbed radar developed by mit (artb) o developed python gui for real time control of a large airborne radar o served as the primary operator for airborne radar data collections o worked on signal processing sandbox for examining radar data with limited computational resources available while airborne o designed and implemented systemwide hardware software interfaces for the radar o rf hardware debugging
examined attendance of classes, labor, and behavior of over sixty students, grades seventh and eighth. assisted over sixty students with their engineering related projects. assisted ten program teachers with the coursework and students.
during my internship at sahelian law offices, i had the unique opportunity to combine my electrical engineering expertise with legal processes. i was responsible for creating intricate designs and models in solidworks and developing embedded systems for patent applications. my role required an in depth understanding of engineering concepts and an ability to present them in a comprehensive, patent worthy manner.
responsible for updating proprietary ccas with cots components. experience included all phases of product development (i.e. proposal, analysis, design, prototype, field testing, documentation, and production release)
solar energy installation,designing industrial and domestic tank stands,fabrication of steel school desk and sitting chairs
controls engineer, designing, programming, and integrating primarily water cooling systems. please see resume for more detail.
clinical and sales support in trauma surgery. thesis in software design and machine learning of x rays.
job responsibilities have included translating technical documents into python code to generate spreading code templates, using a software defined receiver written in c++ to acquire and track cdma signals and writing unit tests in python.
developed an algorithm for video face verification using deep learning to capture both static and dynamic facial features. developed face frontalization model using neural networks.
as a graduate research intern at intel corporation, i was working on the dsp architectures in the modem soc division for one year. i improved the performance of standalone dsp cores of modem soc by thirty-five%. i also created the systemc model for the modem dsp’s to evaluate the performance early in the pre silicon phase of the chipset development.
created electrical and fire alarm drawings for commercial new builds.
communicating closely with hw system engineers to troubleshoot hw silicon and board design issues validating bluetooth rf performance on multiple hw reference design platforms working with asic/fw teams in areas such as power consumption optimization, ip, and peripheral design validation performing tests in a lab setting using network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, power analyzers, and logic analyzers, to characterize board and ic performance
implemented defect patching for turbine meter testing systems using c++ and plc development increase throughput by twenty-three% (oil and gas industry)
work with a team of engineers to develop test requirements and methods. design, improve, maintain, and perform root cause analysis on test equipment and test systems. utilize .net to create and maintain testerbase mvvm applications to connect test systems to assembled products. create and maintain comprehensible guis for production line operators. perform msas upon test system and method updates, and the installation of new test equipment to ensure the accuracy of new test methods.
member of implementation team from paper based maintenance tracking to cmms. developed and implemented an equipment lubrication program on one,six hundred assets. program was published three times in machinery lubrication magazine. supervisor/planner/scheduler for four preventive maintenance technicians. provided performance analysis and maintenance optimization as system owner for boiler feed water heat exchangers. certified in vibration analysis, ir thermography, ultrasonic, and six sigma green belt
o implemented an immunization compliance web application to check whether a student is compliant with state regulations. o wrote the back end in java and sql the front end in jsf and a simple servlet was made with javascript o sql queries were written to query dose date of different immunizations by shot type or dose number o front end selected students matching certain criteria and display compliance information
interfaced with vendors, engineers, offshore operations personnel, and craftspeople to implement projects and update documentation following management of change process modified distributed control system shutdown logic on offshore oil separator to better align with process operating philosophy installed permanent high pressure nitrogen manifold and hose on offshore platform to recharge accumulators to improve ease of maintenance and operator safety obtained engineer intern certification
electrical and controls engineer for a conveyor system integrator. please see resume for more detail.
i helped students with their classwork and semester projects, as well as graded it. i also helped design, build and test the course students will use for their second semester robot project.
i was a patent examiner examining electromechanical subject matter.
developed a full automated line solution from concept to full scale product ramp, in contract manufacturing facilities for juul (new e cigar device and charger) npi operations. responsible for mechanical and electrical design of our m10 tester boxes. also responsible for later automation to integrate them to our automated production lines.
learnt the uvm methodology and programmed uvm components to verify ips like the mcdma ip
developed a sterile bioreactor for tissue engineered heart valves for use in the tranquillo laboratory which was displayed in the october two thousand and sixteen bmes annual meeting in minneapolis, mn machined acrylic and polycarbonate using a lathe, dremel grinder, bandsaw, and drill press to develop bioreactor prototypes utilized solidworks 3d cad design software to design and print molds for silicone valve fixtures presented findings of individual research at a university of minnesota cardiology fair
proofread and drew electronic schematics uning drawing software, researched third party hardware for use in company designs
redesigned a valve that filters out co2 from the iss to decrease the amount of foreign object debris generated to prolong life expectancy
assisted students in writing embedded c code for a msp430 microcontroller
providing technical and algorithm support for georgia tech and department of defense programs
tasked with designing and programming system verification tests for the mars sample lander mimu sensor system. using vnc software to connect to a workbench in california while working remotely in oklahoma. modify data collection methods and console.
main focus was on a rare natural sweetener found in fruits of siraitia grosvenorii via yeast fermentation collaborated with chemists and r&d specialists to learn the processes of fermentation and separating food strains from physical to chemical forms acquainted myself with the designs of life sciences instruments such as nmr, centrifuge, and desiccators
guided and advised several students in building and simulating circuits in digital logic design. assisted, managed, and implemented a stem bio bot, controlled by brainwaves.
identify and secure electronic components used to replace or upgrade obsolete modules required by the department of defense
during the past summer at the university of minnesota, i did research with dr. hans othmer in mathematical biology, essentially reaction diffusion systems that relate to cell motility. i found bifurcation points in the system using xpp auto, which was developed by doug ermentrout at pittsburgh. my research also touched on evolving surfaces that change form over time because these can be used to model cell motility. during my time there, i also attended the siam conference on mathematical biology
information technology and business consulting partnership llc. i am one of two founders.
schematic design of four video channel multi function dvr including: two on device video channels, rs two hundred and thirty-two, rs four hundred and eighty-five, canbus, hdmi, bt.one thousand, one hundred and twenty video out, audio in adc, audio out dac, 12v gpio, usb sdio, hisilocon soc, ddr4 sdram, spi flash, mic + agc input, usb two.zero, usb three.zero interfaces interpretation of industry standards to develop internal test requirements. provide field support to oems vehicle manufacturers for implementation of adas systems. project management for camera system development.
worked as an intern in the company. worked on python programming.
taught signal processing, communications, digital systems, and electromagnetic fields topics for online review courses created two hundred+ pages of materials for the pe and fe tests
dft (design for testability) mbist (memory built in self test) inserting and validating the mbist logic from design stage all the way to post si.
performed power systems studies i.e. short circuit, protective device coordination and arc flash study utilizing skm software to model customer’s power systems. provided customers with clearly written and organized reports detailing the analysis and findings. built an automated standard data request tool which has increased engineers’ productivity almost twice by saving time.
called upon to conduct validation and troubleshooting of most preamp technology. experienced with oscilloscopes, dvm, analyzer, network analyzer, data generator, function generator, soldering, high speed probing issues, etc. exposed to failure analysis for both drives and preamp. able to recreate defined issues; diagnose the root cause; and determine suitable work arounds. frequently called in for projects the team needs accomplished.
.maintain, troubleshoot and modifying software programs of control systems and low voltage devices plc/pc controllers and industrial networks communications such as ethernet, motor control system, servo drives, frequency drives, and electrical distribution systems on hvac. install, inspect, maintain, repair, and modify controllers on heating and ventilation systems including pilots, relays, coils, heating and condensate piping, controls, valves, compressors, fans, dampers, vents, blowers, a
wrote back end code for web pages for the department of education’s data access and exchange system. designed and wrote an algorithm for recursively running stored procedures in their optimal sequence. upgraded a shared service scheduler from a single threaded application to a multithreaded application designed a data warehousing improving time complexity from exponential time to quadratic time: o(c^n) to o(n^two) worked in agile shop with daily scrums and bi weekly sprints
developed secure processor regression test applications in assembly to verify secure core architecture components and security features, completed coursera course in computer architecture, participated in team building and professional development seminars
during my time at jtekt i led the electrical control unit development of three new products for new ventures, supported plant production quality engineers in debugging, troubleshooting and providing solutions to problem related to inline production or customer claims on electric power steering.
part of team involved in soft ip delivery of cpu subsystems and mac designs used in switch and router socs. responsibilities include micro architecture, rtl coding, lint, synthesis, support to verification, implementation and software team.
optcl is one of the largest transmission utilities in the country india. its a government undertaking organization deals with the business of transmission and wheeling of electricity in the state. during these five years, i have been involved in various testing, commissioning, and installation projects of ehv lines and eht equipment and have gained experience in power system protection and power flow models.
technical university of kaiserslautern, germany: jun two thousand and twelve to aug two thousand and twelve visiting researcher (full time), department of computer science, rr lab worked on the stereo vision system of an off field robot named “ravon”. modified and deployed stereo vision algorithms on fire wire one cameras, fire wire two cameras and high end webcams. algorithm modified and developed was also used on my master’s thesis.
conducted seasonal peak, long range plan, and load addition studies. responsible for technical documentation control and adherence to federal and regional regulatory standards.
full time during summer; part time during school year matlab simulation of tropospheric rf propagation effects for microwave satcom links
engineering support in design and simulation of electrical and electronic architectures for automotive oem and tier one.
responsible for assisting technical staff within the power utility industry to advise them in the areas of apparatus condition assessment and diagnostic testing. provide technical and application support for doble test instruments, analysis of various types of test results, training (on site and/or webinar based) and consultation on power apparatus issues for us and latin american clients in either english and/or spanish. participate in various technical conferences sponsored by doble eng.
investigate casualties, discrepancies, and malfunctions reported by the fleet or shore activities by extracting data relative to particular equipment and systems. participate, under the supervision of an engineer or technician, during installation and checkout of contractor and navy yard installed equipment. compile technical reports on work performed, methods and techniques employed, and results obtained.
hydroinformatics comprehensive data analysis of water and waste water across pasco county with mapping software (arcgis pro) cad modeling cad modeling of pasco county through real time data collection ensuring precise representation of geographical features and infrastructures (autocad). data management organize and analyze collected data with programming languages (arcade, python3, sql) contact: jason mickel, (eight hundred and thirteen) six hundred and ten two thousand, four hundred and twenty-two, director of operation utilities and maintenance
in general a field applications engineer works with customers on creating and troubleshooting their designs using ti components. i was based in detroit for one.five years before moving to carmel. while in detroit i worked with tier one companies on hev/ev powertrain systems. in carmel i'm still working with auto customers, but am also working with grid and power delivery customers.
designing and managing experiments for mechatronic equipment. including control modules, lithium ion batteries, motors, and sensors.
a twelve week internship revolving around data analysis using python libraries such as numpy, pandas, matplotlib, plotly and seaborn. internship also included introductory work in software testing and machine learning.
the project i was interning was kttl project which was constructing 765kv transmission towers. my main scope of work is to check practically the materials used at the construction site. one. checking the earth voltage by earth megger two. checking the quality of insulator by insulator megger however, i had to prepare the daily progress report which mainly consists of the progress at site, voltages and earth resistances. i had also prepared the costing estimates for the working men and optimized it.
as a ta, i helped students debug code, answered a variety of programming questions during weekly lab and office hours, and graded some of the larger programming projects. the position also involved meeting with professors weekly to discuss students' statuses and more effectively teach fundamental concepts such as data structure principles and recursion.
one. using image normalization, resizing, cropping, and de noising to pre process the human face’s image data (with age and gender labels). two. training different neural networks and performing age prediction and gender classification.
currently, i do work involving schematic designs and layout reviews for a new product. i've been working on the project from the start, including internal reviews and planned partner reviews outside of the company. i've also been working on vlsi work with a plan to implement test code for the completed design. i've also qualified parts for replacement due to either thermal or having things such as gold or tin.
worked on smoothed analysis of distributed leader election algorithms
design, troubleshoot, document and support sensor products and r&d projects.
collaborated in solution generation for high pressure fuel pump sensor issue lead project to find root cause of power steering assistance failure root caused headrest latching issue in active vehicle plant launch
worked on generating performance results of a verilog ip by writing experiments and events in verilog. generated results in the form of latency, bandwidth, and throughput helped to meet the chip performance expectation. this experience improved my verilog skills.
help answer questions and explain concepts to students on topic of em field. check students' answers.
designed and tested environmental chamber with thermal and actuator control for flight critical, space instrument pixl; incorporated requirements of mechanical, electrical, software, thermal into design and created automation software; analyzed data to verify and improve chamber design and developed chamber operating procedure
optimized sdnf processes upscaling formulation for both api and dp processing. programed through virtual machines to update plc and scada programs in real time. updated documentation such as pid, wid, functional specifications (fs), design specification (ds). investigated process deviations with the use of dmaic procedures to identify root causes and create solutions. worked cross functionally with teams to program allen bradley control logix5000 and wonderware platforms.
i worked as an undergraduate teaching assistant for ece three hundred and sixty-two (microprocessor systems and interfacing). i worked two lab sections and one office hours section per week, along with grading homework assignments.
the dpo was the office responsible of fostering in the areas of diversity and inclusion at the msu college of engineering via events, the success coach program, and guided learning center (glc) which a center at which students could study and received tutoring from peers. as a success coach, i helped students achieve their academic, personal, and professional goals by coaching them in one:one session in which we inform and connect students to resources –such as tutors, advisors, scholarships, etc
design vhdl code for aircraft diagnostic state machines. write matlab scripts to parse diagnostic information. prepare material for critical design review. act as point of contact on team for creating simulation environments and simulating designs. create testing document for design to be used to verify requirements. hold peer reviews for testing document and collaborate with team to decide on modifications.
i assisted with research on celestial navigation based controller design for extra terrestrial surface navigation. i designed experimental test beds for graduate students using solidworks, and built them using a lathe, band saw, and drill press along with 3d printers. through this internship i was also introduced to navigation techniques, basic control theory, euler angles, and rigid body dynamics. i continued my involvement with the lab until i graduated from unh.
i am currently working as an applications engineer/scientist inside of the aerospace and defense arm of the company, for the space and satellite solutions team. keysight technologies is a industry leading test and measurement company. my primary focus is to support rf and mmwave signal generation and analysis solutions for space and satellite customers around the world.
learned the manufacturing & production processes of lighting products and fixtures within an assembly line. used solidworks to design mechanical devices required for the manufacturing & mass production of lighting fixtures (i.e., lighting reflectors, track lights, lighting pendants). implemented into process and trained operators.
sustaining engineer for l3harris frequency converter product line. create failure analysis reports for l3harris customers when product is returned from the field. maintain and analyze failure component data for l3harris product and presented to customers in a visual manner.
i was a cook in the amc dine in theaters. this entailed following a customer's request carefully (sent by a waiter/waitress) and making their food items to their specifications in a timely manner. i was also on the closing shift very often, meaning i was in charge of properly cleaning my station and preparing it for the next day of operation. because this job was very fast paced, my multitasking and time management skills were heavily refined.
designed new fabrication techniques for organic electrochromic devices (oleds) assembled and tested multiple oleds in different operating environments performed encapsulation and durability studies on oleds
perform a wide array of technical testing on the core purion product line of ion implanters. travel to semiconductor manufacturing companies to install ion implanters and interface with customers from companies such as samsung, intel, and other major industry leaders. coordinate and direct tasks for fellow employees on the manufacturing floor to improve efficiency and quality of testing and troubleshooting. diagnose and resolve manufacturing problems on different subsystems.
first point of contact for tool related issues. setup plans for pms or trouble shooting tool related issues. coordinate with various groups to ensure pms progress properly. ensure all required information is properly documented and passed on to oncoming shifts.
designed rf hardware systems, including block frequency converters, and transmitters to deliver signals with dynamic power, frequency, and time delay. created a custom spectrum analyzer in labview which utilizes a software defined radio (sdr) and pc to perform dsp on a dynamic signal, generate spectrum and waterfall displays, and store incoming data in pseudo real time programmed microprocessors and designed custom pcbs for control of hardware components
responsible for requirements, design, and testing of software features such as automatic park assist, driverless angle control, and adas command management
independently defined and prioritized hardware development tasks for the team to meet program deadlines met with product owners to demonstrate team’s on track progress for program deliverable dates autonomously organized meetings between stakeholders to define interface requirements
developed a remote sensing system for ground water monitoring connected to cloud dashboard via data roaming sim card, receiving data from various sensors o configure atlas scientific probes and embedded circuits in i2c mode for ph, orp, conductivity, and temperature o program arduino uno to connect with whitebox t1 for electrical isolation and adafruit fona eight hundred and eight for cellular gsm connection o cloud connection with adafruit io with gsm
worked with the dynamic ram team to bring up an in house memory model for memory controller verification.
obtained knowledge of machines in the facility to be able to use safely and repair effectively. gave tours of the facility to educate those about the equipment and what the facility has to offer. enforced safety regulations of the facility to ensure customer safety.
over the summer i worked full time in dr. michael goldfarb's lab to complete the master's thesis research i had begun part time during the school year. i developed state machines to simulate different control schemes on a powered ankle prosthesis. i then coordinated with volunteer amputees to test the performance of these controllers on flat and sloped walking, analyzing the results on kinematic efficiency.
u.s. army industrial/mechanical engineering. we learned to maintain and troubleshoot a vast range of problems with hvac, diesel technology, generators, electrical circuits, pumps, hydraulic manifolds, and sewage sanitation devices. we learned about watercraft specific technology as well to include certain types of welding, auxilliary equipment function and design, and the repair of said equipment.
as a part of the network wan controllers team, my job is to design, maintain and roll out the software modules and services that provide optimal capacity utilization of the facebook's data center network. the network acts as a large scale distributed system and the services developed by the team efficiently provide optimal paths for the network traffic so that latency and capacity utilization both can be optimized.
accountable for leading and managing low to high risk projects related to aircraft design, acquisition, and integration of complex avionics equipment act as subject matter expert for selected complex avionics equipment
rearchitected low level access modules for hololens two diagnostic tooling, removing deprecated dependencies and making the diagnostic tools maintainable, extensible, and configurable. created firmware for hololens factory operating system and a managed api that talked to the firmware through tcp/ip over usb to allow for access to the system on chip (soc) gpio and i2c interfaces.
broad workload being involved in three separate roles in first year based on company needs, cegis designer, power request field specialist and distribution engineer designer. used undergraduate experience with gis work to become proficient in developing job design prints early in employment and now also use comed's asset suite to develop the coding from an engineer designer role. additionally assist with over two thousand third party cell node applications.
summer internship. project include noise figure measurement verification for tensorcom 60ghz wigig sip and managed rf lab components and instrument using inventory database software
designed and developed a production ready, stand alone nasdaq ios imessage extension, which gives real time quotes, news and market analysis along with the added feature of sharing stock updates with friends.
designed analog circuits and created gui test tools and microcontroller code for wireless sensors
performed commissioning and routine maintenance on various high and medium voltage electrical equipment, as well as programming relays for protections systems. modified drawings during construction and upgrades for up to date as built sets.
wrote test plan with four testing procedures for a shift to a larger capacity main aircraft battery in a week, executed at testing facility, analyzed hours of resulting data, and summarized results and calculations in a nine page change report. developed seventeen page delivery document in excel to streamline custom ordering of avionics packages for customers purchasing the citation cj4. commended at report out for efficiency and quick learning of avionics equipment and their many descriptors.
intern for an engineering firm specializing in environmental testing chambers. designed and set up manufacturing for a psychrometer to me a new ashrae spec.
conducted research on renewable energy. my role was to model the thermodynamic properties of dehydration of ethane using matlab and python. i presented my research to a committee at the end of the summer.
working in the communications and networking branch at the afrl information directorate through the palace acquire program. i've worked with software defined radios, communication protocols, and antennas.
assist and debug customers' 5g test setups for development of new cell phones. provide domain expertise on rf principles and relevant keysight solutions.
i am a subsystems engineer responsible for repairing parts of an aircraft that are nonconforming per the specification of the design due to the production process. my role also involves troubleshooting nonfunctioning components of the aircraft that fail testing procedures. subsystems include: fuel tubes, hydraulic lines, electrical wires, actuators, oxygen lines, flight instrumentation, and related items. as well as structural work with composites, brackets, fittings, and various hardware.
creating 3d models of defence & navy component drawings using pro/e. developing the die casting tools for missile related components. creating jigs & fixtures to measure the critical aerodynamic profiles & dimensions. preparing different stages of manufacturing drawings and participated in manufacturing process to improve the design. participated in all phases of manufacturing until component released for production.
bid preparation including preliminary design, equipment list/boq, technical proposals for turnkey projects in oil & gas and petrochemical industries.
working as an systems engineer in wireless research team of qualcomm india.
i started as a technical operator at fort gordon and translated communications. after several years i was promoted to lead operator and eventual shift supervisor. i trained and performed qualifying examinations for over fifty airmen.
worked as a government contractor on fpga and digital design applications. used vivado to design and test a xilinx fpga device for use in radar systems. used python to troubleshoot and fix a proprietary automated fpga test system. wrote automated linux fpga test scripts with bash and tcl.
took on various tasks underneath the current project leads to support them while shadowing. managed distribution of peripheral inventory, participated in testing campaigns by generating security files needed to support the debug and updating processes, and represented panasonic in working with external companies and vendors on a daily basis.
design and modify the current herb production line test different methods for particular process stations an ideal plastic mesh tray for improving the dehydration process and fda approval. including the tray cart design for increased efficiency and improved performance. pneumatic conveyor specifications for an efficient dust free process. improving the heating system of the dehydration process and monitoring temperatures and humidity catalog of all equipment and machinery for future reference an
full system review of honeywell safety system documentation and application. document review for new project.
part time during school, full time in the summer. performed various electrical engineering tasks to support the full time employees. most of these tasks involved circuit debug and pcb testing.
civil engineering technician is the true job title if it were accurate. we tested civil engineering recipes for asphalt mixes in a laboratory to see if the result of the mix met the specifications expected by the civil engineers at wsdot. they often did not meet expectations, and needed to be reworked. this was a temporary position, in which i fulfilled.
operator of different systems and auxiliary services of generation units in engine room. maneuver procedure of maintenance of units and auxiliary services under normal conditions and during emergencies. data analysis of parameters indicating normal or abnormal operation; detection of potential problems.
i was a student intern working at sandia national labs under a nuclear reactor operations group. i assisted experiments and operations work in a variety of radiation facilities. i was converted from a summer intern to a year round remote working intern when i returned to purdue for my senior year coursework.
coordinated with architectural research student to support the development of a wind induced vulnerability database for residential construction using revit and autodesk cfd.
worked with automated visual inspections by updating and standardizing inspection parameters, designing ways to check ~fifty setup parameters with one click, updating a python script to check over sixty,zero parameters daily, and developing a python project to convert and resize inspection layer images in one click specialized in photolithography projects by assisting with a new machine installation and qualification, and helping to install flow sensors and upgrades to computer and system
field/lab test, troubleshoot, repair, and upgrade custom cellular system’s hardware and software. leverage matlab to simulate cellular systems and create a coverage map to predict ideal antenna locations. document changes of systems both quantitatively and qualitatively via microsoft office suite.
as a rotational engineer, i spend eight twelve weeks assuming a temporary role within different technical departments. i have been part of the product technical support group, the customer fulfillment group, and inside sales engineering group; a prospective rotation would be to research and development. these not only give me exposure to different roles to find one suitable for me, but also allows me to experience first hand how different departments will interact with one another.
summer internship at ghafari architecture and engineering firm. responsible for reviewing cad drawing layouts of building blueprints of electrical systems and verifying code compliance
tested end to end system processes for the roche diabetes care platform and confidence app in accordance with the fhir data standard
based on wcag2.zero standard, update the catme website for accessibility. daily maintenance of the website and improving usability.
software development, equipment commissioning and project management. improvements on equipment and production support, new technologies development
i worked with a team developing software for electronic warfare applications. i was responsible for developing the mil std one thousand, five hundred and fifty-three interface to the application. i contributed to presenting the preliminary design review (pdr) and the critical design review (cdr). after a couple of years, i transferred to the space segment of the company. i worked with systems and firmware engineers implementing geolocating applications from various orbital planes.
worked on server side software for a data collection system. worked on enhancements to database query efficiency and server performance testing. migrated web services from oc4j server to weblogic server. added support to collect diagnostic data from oracle exadata database machine.
i am tasked with designing and drawing wiring diagrams for a robust rf system using visio. i work closely with rf engineers to make sure wires and cables are able handle power specifications. i am also tasked designing and protyping printed circuit boards that interface with sensors and output analog data.
battery systems engineer at the r&d facility of bajaj auto ltd. focused of power train design and validation. my specialization is in traction battery and battery management system design
implemented various gate ware in verilog for fpga and cpld designs for electronic tester board. simulated, debugged, and verified gate ware through hdl simulation environment. hardware pll simulation, and troubleshot electronic boards for test system. built custom cables for board communication.
amc&d fibre channel module (fcm) primary analog and signal integrity designer (electrical and optical): two versions of fcm transceiver vcsel (fiber optic) version, and quad cable pecl; responsible for design and verification of fcm electronics to provide physical layer for fibre channel communication link between amcs in f/a eighteen for data redundancy. amc&d fcm m38999 optical connector interface: developed specification for measurement of fiber optic termini geometry
highly advanced troubleshooting and maintenance of state of the art custom automated cnc equipment. itar controlled
enlisted in two thousand and six as a radio/comsec repairer. deployed to iraq in two thousand and nine two thousand and ten. commissioned through rotc in two thousand and thirteen and branched as an engineer officer. deployed to kuwait in two thousand and sixteen to camp buehring dpw. currently serve as commander for an engineer utilities detachment.
i designed, built, and programmed a system of buttons and lights for an employee training. i assisted in building electrical panels as well as creating drawings of the panels in autocad. i helped create a test program for the controls of a water pump.
taught engineering economics
re designed & implemented an oil testing system for multiple product lines. trained operators on updated system. reduced oil testing time by fifty%. worked with a team to develop scopes of work and plant maps (autocad) for facility machine shop relocation & expansion participated in kaizen events for rapid process improvements within safety, quality, delivery & cost.
i explored electrical systems of dmrc mainly traction, low voltage system, distribution and ventilation system
supporting the test hardware department making npi documentation for internal control fixtures assembly soldering components on pcb supporting the engineering services department using smt machines for assembling pcbs gathering smt components for pcb assembly
working in an agile, collaborative environment, understanding both front end and back end concerns. using and developing restful apis and web services. working with programming languages such as python, node.js and java implementing automation using terraform, ansible and python analyzing and modifying data sources using python and pandas library.
integration/test engineer primarily involved with embedded systems through plcs, daqs, and controls, with a coding focus on labview, c, and matlab.
one)developed circuit on dual ultrasonic ceramic motor (ucm) tests for mini camera. two)designed test algorithms to investigate ucm failures; collaborated with team switzerland to solve issues. three)collaborated with design/engineering teams on functional specs for the product and made recommendations
mixed signal design, implementation, and validation for pro audio hardware. efficient power supplies, thermal management, and high performance analog and digital board design. specifications of ultra low noise and jitter as well as electrical compliances all used as design parameters. everyday lab use for prototyping and validating hardware in question.
programming tasks that cover all sorts of application and server side programming, reporting, monitoring, documenting, etc. non programming tasks that varies according to day to day business needs. building solutions to parking problems by integrating data from cameras and sensors and utilizing them to build smart parking solutions.
i worked to reduce spoilage and production loss from assembly line defects, automated administrative and data collection tasks using vba in microsoft excel, and organized, supported, and digitized data tracking for held pallets, tooling rebuilds, and production.
taught high school physics/math,carried physics and chemistry experiments in electrical,waves,concentrations,ions
assemble prefabricated wall panels and trusses. maintain assembly line and load panels on trucks.
assisted the teaching of systems programming course to over four hundred students. held office hours to help with coding assignments and course work. held recitation to instruct lab for systems programming in the c language. demonstrated teaching and proficiency in the c language.
helped students design, debug, and verify their systemverilog modules including a usb receiver, uart receiver, ahb lite bus slave, and fir filter graded work and reported common issues students were facing back to the instructor.
i focused on evaluating the possibility of product design based on processing in memory. i read many papers in related areas and outlined the development of several mean techniques. at the same time, i researched on several types of binary neural networks and their performance on pim chips.
led a team of twenty-five team associates on safety, quality, and productivity of the $one hundred million blockline business unit increased tool life by thirty% while reducing total operating costs by twenty-five% through implementation of carbide tooling supervised tool technicians, managed inventory, and updated tool build up to meet product specifications worked with external and internal suppliers on improvement projects encompassing a budget of $two million
i led validation test activities for electric power steering systems, motor powerpacks, and torque / position sensors, and supported customer program implementation for multiple customers.
drove the system level understanding of the product by testing the device’s interactions as well as defining the product reliability boundaries in multiple test scenarios. this involved developing the datasheet and supporting collateral documents for publishing on texas instruments’ website.
responsible for operation and maintenance of electrical equipment designed digital circuit projects in charge of after sales maintenance for end users
working in the advanced power systems group on both mmrtg and nextgen rtg programs. responsible for managing production and procurement of rtg units, performing quantitative analysis on program metrics and requirements, and assisting on various projects relevant to the design and analysis needed for the units. one of these projects and a major focus during my time with aerojet rocketdyne has been the design, analysis, and production of a surrogate thermoelectric array to be used in a manufacturi
tactical air control party (tacp) is a special warfare career field in the united states air force. my main job was to coordinate air strikes for the 82nd airborne division before being selected for a position as an instructor for the airmen wanting to enter the career field. more details in resume.
designing, testing, placement, routing, generating bill of materials for custom printed circuit boards coach new members in designing custom printed circuit boards for high speed & rad hard using industry best practices create concise & clear documentation for reviews, testing, and agendas conducted electrical engineering tests and analyzed data to support recommended design changes demonstrated understanding of occupation specific electrical
the role where i received my "masters" in the medical device industry. this position gave me the applied experience needed to produce the body of data used to submit a device to a regulatory agency for approval and clinical use.
i was the engineer in charge of the radar sell off integration and checkout team. my job was to coordinate testing of system for customer to display system operational status prior to purchase. i worked with the ipt back in the states to communicate systemic failures. i provided detailed data analysis and fault analysis.
i am responsible for supporting tasks on the contract related to the ucsa devsecops task area. this includes development of tools, analytics, and visualization capabilities supporting the dco warfighter with the objective of delivering value to the end user as quickly and securely as possible. each day i create, design and optimize a full stack application as part of a team.
used autocad electrical to design cables and wiring diagrams designed wiring for power distribution, switching and interface panels troubleshoot noise issue coming from test equipment managed power sub system requirements for lab environment, included procurement efforts, integration, and tracking status
design electrical engineer at a nuclear power station
managed the fab11 reticle area, including recruitment, training and management of twenty-five engineering staff and manufacturing reticle technicians. responsibilities included reticle manufacturing, quality and inventory control, pattern design, binary and phase shift technology, nikon and svgl reticle handling systems, nikon am601d, brooks arm tool. equipment engineer for several metrology and lithographic toolsets. six sigma, triz, lean manufacturing.
as an electronics engineer ii at lockheed martin space, i have played a critical role in the design and development of power consoles, validation hardware, and thermal control systems for space vehicles. i have excelled in generating requirements, designing pcb layouts, implementing risk mitigation strategies, and automating test procedures using python scripts. my contributions have improved system functionality, efficiency, and reliability while demonstrating the ability to troubleshoot.
as a green house gas (ghg) emissions engineer in operations, i coordinate testing for the launch of new tech into practice. these tools and processes are meant to quantify and identify emissions accurately to aid in decreasing pg&e's ghg annual emissions. basic knowledge of waves is necessary to understand the technologies studied.
i am research engineer at swri in the fluids engineering department. i work as part of applied research group that mainly works with industry clients in topics related to the energy industry, water management, and fluid erosion. i help in conducting experiments, designing experimental apparatus and methods, and processing and analyzing data using python and other computational tools.
supported start up of multiple plants by providing process control and automation expertise to plant personnel. improved controller performance by performing step testing and adjusting tuning parameters. developed simulation models of existing plant assets to test newly developed control strategies as part of plant improvement efforts. assisted with the development and deployment of a web based automation requirement database tool. trained plant personnel using agile methodology.
taught web and virtual reality development for hello world at ann richards school for young women leaders using hello world's software environment. assisted 6th/7th grade students with both guided and independent coding projects.
guided students on engineering topics. assisted students solving problems using physics and calculus. lead help sessions on fundamental electronics. participated all four school years.
maintenance technician for plcs, test equipment, and test systems.
at honeywell, i lead and execute projects ranging from valves and pumps to turbines and fans. in that role, i interact with customers and internal team members. i have run electrical tests when needed to drive projects to completion.
maintained active secret security clearance assisted with hwil test environments and data collection analyzed real time data with multiple subsystems presented at meetings to help evaluate live test scenarios contributed to anomaly identification and fixation assisted in recruitment from tennessee tech
i facilitate the military acquisition process of the next generation handheld gps receiver by overseeing a team of contracted subject matter experts and industry vendor leads.
designed and built a custom physical fixture and testing process to standardize the measurement of the resistivity of small metal specimens as part of the benchmarking process for future hp 3d printed metals. created and implemented a labview virtual instrument to be used with the fixture to facilitate simple measurement for the user, reducing the time to take measurements by half.
annotated training and testing datasets for autopilot’s neural networks. became an expert in in three data pipeline workflows, quality assurance (qa) certified in two, final qa in one. o i performed quality control with the first pass data and ensured that data inconsistent with current standards would not pass through to train neural networks.
led powertrain plant trials ensuring quality and no vehicle production issues after implementation. diagnosed and resolved powertrain issues during vehicle production; conducted root cause analysis. analyzed early claim binning reports, resulting in team concurrence for high priority engineering tasks.
the project was stand alone for automation of the cooling system for the steel cast furnace. the project helped me understand the components as plc and several industrial level electrical tools and devices. the coding was done using sequence control language (scl) along with a continuous flow chart (cfl). the program was tested using a siemens emulator
designed lighting, fire protection, telecommunications, and power systems for warehouses, housing complexes, museums, and office spaces performed arc flash analysis on ft. riley’s buildings
collected data using aerial and ground photos and satellite imagery to assess the degree of damage present for residential structures after the two thousand and eleven ef five joplin, mo tornado. analyzed collected data to determine structural characteristics of residential buildings that led to greater structural stability and storm resistance. investigated the effectiveness of specific clauses and regulations in missouri building codes that prevented storm damage in single family homes.
responsible for the design of the rack level assembly for the azure hardware systems infrastructure organization.
i teach two hundred level and below classes
wrote full stack developer developing web applications at msic. frontend powered by angularjs with a backend driven by ms sql server storing top secret military information. i was the primary developer and architect for the database side of the application. the customer was the missile and space intelligence center at the defense intelligence agency.
responsible for design, integration, and validation of speakers and microphone systems for the next generation of home acoustics products.
repairing and maintain radar equipment for the royal canadian navy
i developed an app for mentoring college students but could not scale beyond initial testing for want of capital
analyzed existing ge aero engine control logics and proposed adjustments to fulfill new customer requirements. performed open loop testing in scade and npss to troubleshoot new logic. ran multiple tests to locate possible errors for new releases of various engine programs. communicated issues found with software lead to receive reconciliations and provided documentation afterward.
one)research project execution: real time emotion recognition system and in memory computing two)general laboratory affairs addressing and administrative management
conduct inspections on system processes, identify root cause of failures, recommend process improvements, produce inspection reports. conduct investigations, gather evidence and draw conclusions, write investigation reports. provide assistance to civilians and soldiers to correct issues and concerns.
lead integration and testing of both software and firmware deliveries at the element and product integration levels, support qualification testing of hardware, and maintain development and test equipment in the lab.
collaborated with a team of three people to develop software in ruby based code to automate the system configuration of several classes of linux vms and linux machines. earned the organization's prestigious student scholar award by volunteering for the organization, doing extra trainings, and proposing and carrying out an individual project to benefit the team. assisted in the development of an embedded networking system by writing tests in c and verilog.
developed software for electostatic precipitators.
developed software applications in c# to support the collection and analysis of aircraft health management systems data integrated system data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information to be integrated into software applications created and managed scripts in python and pentaho (kettle) etl that generated and delivered time sensitive reports to customers notated data integration processes and authored user guides for in house software applications
trained with a senior field service engineer in repairing, installing, and troubleshooting electro mechanical systems of critical dimension scanning electron microscope performed hardware and software electron beam diagnostics and parameter adjustments for electron guns to achieve desired image results with electron optics, light optics, and ccd cameras
lead a small team on software regression testing for two midsize business jets employ project management tools to track progress and improve team coordination gain unique engineering experiences in different roles at different business units
i help manage the munitions stockpile for the 388th fighter wing at hill air force base.
laboratory technologist supporting experimental activities in the vibration test facilities. responsible for setting up and conducting high channel count, high quality experiments, independent execution of low to high hazard experiments and testing. taking an active role in the rigorous implementation and execution of work instructions using updated wp&c processes to ensure units under test are exposed to the correct environments. work currently involves handling units that may contain explosive
leadership in charge of launch and operation of specialist loan tool program., conversing with dealers nationwide as well as internal stakeholders daily. global exposure key member of global team working to establish a new formal process with gm holden to enable the sourcing, warehousing and distribution of electrical connectors and terminated leads according to general motor’s global wiring harness repair strategy.
full time summer internship in software engineering. gained experience in precision agriculture technology under the mentorship of a full time employee. worked on various projects, including enhancing a steering simulator and gps tracking of emergency remotes.
worked on geometry based stochastic channel models for multiuser mimo communication using measurements campaign at 2ghz. presented a survey paper on propagation channel models for multiuser mimo communication systems to be submitted to ieee tutorials and surveys, and attended the wireless@vt labs monthly seminars and wireless symposia. developed presentations for an ebook on lte a and 5g pro edited by prof. jeffery reeds and dr. nishith tripathi at the wireless@vt laboratory.
surveyed topics ranging from scada security and oco/dco basics to cloud computing and government acquisitions fundamentals. formulated new training modules for entry level network, cloud, and enterprise management engineering hires. assisted chief engineer with the development of a new internship curriculum for undergraduate engineering students.
my responsibilities included kpis/metrics collection and preparation for the as9100 enterprise and nqa recertification audits, driving root cause corrective action (rcca) efforts for audit findings and observations, and supporting various supplier quality or product quality investigations through receiving, inspection, and test of products as well as traveling for on site supplier visits.
worked in test and evaluation for flight landing systems. recorded data from grounded naval aircraft cockpits following a strict procedural checklist in real time and in tandem with engineering technicians. used radar sensors to ensure proper calibration of aircraft landing electronics.
member of presence group working on projects in conjunction with the air force research laboratory at wright patterson air force base. developing hardware, firmware, and embedded software for embedded position, navigation, and timing (pnt) anti jam electronics and wavefront simulators using xilinx fpgas and custom designed hardware.
performed performance tests on control valve positioners under various environmental factors (i.e., humidity and temperature). implemented mro sparring strategy for pressure, level, and temperature transmitters especially those impacted by supply chain issues.
i manage the medical equipment used at phoenix children's hospital and outlying clinics. there is a wide range of medical equipment, but i primarily specialize in imaging and patient monitoring. i manage device maintenance and repair. i also implement new devices ranging from small scale devices up to large scale implementations on a floor wide scale.
analyzed wafer chip scale packaging (wcsp) and ball grid array (bga) reliability, thermal resistances, cost, and future growth potential performed characterization tests on new products and reliability tests for customers designed and modified test boards to reduce parasitic effects
wrote process specifications for wafer fabrication used for development of a manufacturing execution system o worked alongside engineers and operators to standardize fabrication processes for all products o gained hands on experience with all steps in inp laser and avalanche photodiode chip manufacturing
primary point of contact for company regarding description of and device requirements for dynamic headlamp features reviewed simulink models for each feature integrated into the control module software led root cause analysis to pinpoint lighting system faults to a specific component and noted how to reproduce the bug
characterized and compared fnc and current production spring seats resulting in potential $one.twelve million in cost savings annually developed testing scripts to simulate engine loading for ten million cycles hydraulic valve lifter validation test integrated pid cam phasor solenoids to operate within timing specs for dynamic fuel management systems automated hydraulic leak down data analysis based on linear variable displacement transformers for warranty
upgraded and took ownership of the safe shutdown emergency lights helped with plant documentation changes by doing the paperwork
responsible for all other oscillator technicians’ activities while expected to continue performing rf oscillator technician activities. assist production management on schedules, deadlines, and engineering projects.
managed production schedule and raw materials for our facility that produced one hundred and fifty-six million sqft/year of fiber cement board supported protection, control, and automation team to troubleshoot commissioning and operation issues with programmable logic controllers (plcs) and relays executed quality audits and reject reduction plans for our finishing and color plus team which reduced rejects on embossed products by eight% created and implemented standard checklists to optimize daily runnability an
selected for af palace acquire (paq) program for post graduate engineering work and training. working out of aflcmc headquarters at wpafb focusing on acquisition and contract management. work primarily related to systems engineering and radar design.
supervise, monitor, design and estimates cost on rural electrification projects (thirteen.2kv and 230kv lines and poles extension). power system studies such as load flow analysis and short circuit analysis simulations using etap simulator planning, design, and perform system impact studies on davao light 69kv and thirteen.two kv systems
performing thermo mechanical simulations required for ic packaging
one. foreground analog calibration of a four bit one msps trainable neural network adc using floating gate memristive devices two. logarithmic neural network data converters for biomedical applications
handling maintenance of various utility such as substation, transformers, dg sets, chiller plants, ups, battery banks, dc plants, fire system & halon or fm two hundred system
one. designed, fabricated, and tested ~thirty organic solar cells and field effect transistors to choose the most suitable design for practical use. two. collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to redesign and automate a laboratory testing system resulting in organized and simpler data collection procedures. three. developed ~four python algorithms to deploy automation techniques, increasing data collection efficiency by over eighty%.
the summer project i worked on involved creating a machine learning algorithm with tensorflow/keras to learn based off of parsed data collected from a website. the machine learning model used an lstm architecture to learn based on recurring events.
as an electrical engineer at snc and i design and implement architectures and digital signal processing algorithms for fpga's. i also analyze digital signal systems and conduct lab experiments to validate design implementations per the specifications.
used scala to ingest training data for the seller central model (used in the seller and vendor side of the marketplace) developed a fully automated four phased devops pipeline to maximize efficiency of the machine learning model by 4x incorporated and led processes into the existing version of the model training pipeline for production to meet fy21 goals coded in python to develop a docker processing image for testing the training accuracy of the pipeline
teaching the lab of ee two hundred and four "fundamentals of electric circuits" for non ee students.
assisted in retrofitting of texas instruments digital signal processor to bridgeless totem pole pfc converter for digital controls. conducted thermal testing on sic mosfets to determine the effects of different heatsink designs and thermal compounds on die temperature
intern for cmos image sensor design digital team,
embedded firmware development for microcontrollers and microprocessors using c, c++. automated unit and component test development using c#, c++, tcl. video/image processing with standard video interfaces utilize/develop proprietary interfaces for high speed data transmission.
design and test rf systems and subsystems of aircraft. work through test procedure and provide redlines to improve efficiency of test procedures and regression testing for f sixteen program.
facilitated the load/store unit’s transition between standard cell libraries on a state of the art technology node. restructured legacy code for multibit flip flop generation to decrease power consumption while monitoring timing impacts. modified timing budgets and signal pre routes to bring about timing closure.
full time during summer; no work during school year nreip (summer two thousand and eighteen): scalable data acquisition systems for naval vessel power systems and land based test sites seap (summer two thousand and seventeen) shipboard systems integration and test seap (summer two thousand and sixteen) mobile power management systems modeling
devised, developed, and managed selling of goods online via ecommerce store, amazon, and ebay; generated ~$forty-five,zero in net sales within six months of launch.
owned the integration of mechanical, electrical hardware, software, and controls of the electronic power steering system into light duty truck applications
programming fpgas present in medical detectors and verifying them using test benches & simulation. helping to provide fpga lab support and in transitioning all detectors that were affected by the spartan shortage. experienced with managing software in source code control (git) and jenkins.
research assistant for one of the chemistry professors. research focused on the study of cells and single cell isolation. the personal project assign to was to modify a commercially available robot/cnc machine to be able to automate and reduce costs for the single cell isolation process. this project required to serially communicate with the main board, develop a gui and provide training to the machine users.
after commissioning, i spent from june of two thousand and twenty to october of two thousand and twenty-one in training (power school, prototype, and submarine officer basic course). after completion, i reported to the uss alaska (ssbn seven hundred and thirty-two) where i served as the chemisty radcon assistant, damage control assistant, assistant operations officer, nuclear weapons safety officer, and diving officer over four patrols. work consisted of leading a division of sailors, supervising the nuclear propulsion plant, or navigating/commanding the ship.
salary employ. lead electronics engineer. the majority of our work is product engineering and remote monitoring.
responsible engineer for satellite software defined radio payload (dsp) fpgas end to end fpga design logic design, rtl coding, simulation, synthesis, bring up on custom hw designed and implemented dsp algorithms (polyphase channelizers, ffts, etc) achieved very high utilization and clock speeds on a xilinx fpgas developed high performance, power efficient, reliable, and unit tested brought up twelve.5gbps jesd204b to data converters on custom digital hardware
utilize cad software to enter as built power assets and customer information. verify construction meets company standards and accurate inventory. maintain electric modeling system
collaborated with development teams to enhance software product quality through defect resolution and root cause analysis, incorporating direct feedback from customers to guide improvements. provided technical ownership to drive the development, procurement, and implementation of factory quality systems. coached operators/quality inspectors to assure escalation processes are followed for quality related issues.
product development core team member for development of bioreactors and chromatography systems. technical subject matter expert for legacy biological reactor systems. mentors junior engineers on team. primary author for service related documents. develops and delivers trainings to field service engineers.
updated database, using microsoft access, for test flight data. corrected errors in formatting based on corrective action plans of the problem tracking system. sorted over twenty thousand signals, and updated database so that filters could be more effectively applied by engineers searching for multiple signals in the database. wrote engineering problem descriptions for defects found in system documentation, authored corrective action plans, and implemented and verified change orders.
lead all power electronics validation activities.
contributed to company's effort in rapid prototyping of rf systems responsible for front end system designs to meet specification of tasking involved from start to end process: from system level simulations to testing and measurements of components to accessing final prototype. lead effort on high frequency board design and reducing swap.
department responsible for uptime, utilization, reliability, and solving systemic technical issues within a large scale distributed data center environment which serves about three.six billion users developed python and bash automation to improve scalability and efficiency for regularly performed server repair which impacted several data center sites developed hardware trouble shooting skills on infrastructure platforms of many types (covering large scale software automation, system boot process
while working in dr. bryant hollins’ oxidative stress research lab, i quantified the cognitive performance of rats undergoing sleep restriction by administering the novel object recognition test to assess short term memory.
create and edit technical documents used in the development of technical construction files supporting compliance to european directives. analyze test data to determine radio frequency (rf) power output for implantable devices and instruments. review external test reports to confirm compliance to european wireless standards.
designed and executed a research project investigating a novel technique to characterize phosphorus dynamics in soil. prepared ferrihydrite and chelex one hundred hydrogels to measure soil ions. analyzed samples with mass spectrometry (icp oes, icp ms), and spectrophotometry. developed custom python/r tools for non linear regression modeling, and prepared manuscript for publication.
part of the team responsible to update the performance’s data and software of the company; analysis of the data generated in the systems to optimize the aircraft’s performance; creation of manuals and instructions for the procedures in the engineering department and the operation; developer of vba’s systems to automate processes in the operation; use of cost index concepts to create a model to save fuel during the flight; control of the efb content using vba and power bi.
manager of all domestic testing and training point of sale systems for disney parks – key player in software validation pipeline primary point of contact for cross functional efforts working with development, qa, automation, osi, a&a, training, and finance resolves critical challenges faced by multiple business partners, stakeholders, and technical experts write automation tools to streamline business needs and reduce costs; javascript, python, splunk
the project for the z systems(mainframe) in ibm, worked on a new compression algorithm for the upcoming chip. the software provided a compression ratio of eight.fifty-eight and the same implemented in the hardware using vhdl. the current compression ratio is about eight.fifty-eight and timing constraints have been met successfully, its completely individual hands on project and covered with a lot of steep learning curve
write, debug, and test plc codes for custom conveyor systems lead controls projects for integrated system and sub system create training materials/procedures for new engineers coordinate and forecast controls resources for in house and on customers' sites write controls description of operation and software functional specifications documentation review project specifications and designed technology solutions that met or exceeded performance expectations
modified and redesigned existing high power amplifier systems to meet customer requirements debugged logic level and high power circuits and prototyped possible design improvements qualified new circuit components and new circuit designs with environmental and functional testing established test requirements and resolved technical issues with failure cause and corrective action analysis
conducted a study of discrete and fast fourier transforms for digital signal processing using matlab designed an optical heart rate monitor by pairing ti’s afe4403 module with a ti msp430 microcontroller
i prioritized project budget by auditing street conditions through sampling and inputting collected data into database for analysis. i also conducted sample testing of concrete to ensure correct quality and safety standard. in addition, i evaluated project sites to produce accurate measurements for construction plans as well as worker compensation.
the switch is a manufacturer of utility scale power converters for use in wind turbines and chp applications. i was responsible for the entire product life cycle, from designing new projects to ul testing, commissioning, and after sales. i worked on a large number of projects including the georgia mountain wind farm in milton, vt and the one penn plaza cogeneration plant in new york city.
various project work included identifying and implementing process improvements, sourcing parts, and creating new fixtures or tooling to address various process, ergonomic, or safety concerns. these projects resulted in time savings, cost savings, and reduction of scrap, rework, and repairs. daily tasks included 3d cad modeling various fixtures and assemblies in creo, blacklining manufacturing documents, updating routings, scheduling and hosting mrb meetings, and executing change orders.
led the implementation of a customized webpage to replace an antiquated manual system (for creation, review, and archival of ingot drop checklists) that resulted in improved communication between processes and increased casting efficiency developed a new web application that enabled the engineering staff to instantaneously create visual process management webpages leading to reduced webpage creation turnaround time
worked as a teaching assistant with prof. fengqing zhu for ece301: signals and systems, an undergraduate course with one hundred and twenty students
designed a custom safety assembly for an important client. utilized autodesk inventor to update and adjust component drawings. digitized over twenty-five,zero drawings and schematics.
inspection and maintenance of equipment used by aircrew members. staff sergeant responsible for supervision of three airmen.
at sourceone i worked as a commissioning agent for large datacenters. i spent a couple years at the facebook pnb datacenter in papillion, ne. as the lead electrical commissioner on the project i was responsible for authoring and performing the commissioning tests for all of the electrical distribution equipment from the substation down to the server racks. this included equipment such as backup generators, transformers, upss, switchgear, atss, etc. each building drew over 50mw of peak power.
held office hours to aide with exam preparation, homework assignments, grasping the fundamentals of vector calculus based em, and answer any and all course related questions that students may have.
i am contracted to the department of energy and work at knoll's atomic power lab. here, i develop software for naval nuclear propulsion systems used in the u.s. navy's submarines. this position requires a u.s. security clearance.
hardware design/testing for both high and low wattage solid state lighting controls.
created a labview program and complete user manual for synchronized operation of a line scan confocal chromatic microscope marketed the product at optics/photonics workshops and conventions
design and integrate satellite communication ground systems into the largest antenna network in the world. work varies broadly from looking at low level timing and encapsulation standards/protocols, to designing networks for devices to communicate on, and even assisting with the planning and physical installation of ground entry points. i also assist with writing proposals in response to government or customer request for proposals, as well as white papers and studies for major govt customers
documented power line security devices across the state assessed damage to power lines in storm conditions
june two thousand and twenty-one june two thousand and twenty-three: general motors track rotational program which involved completing four assignments/jobs, each lasting six months. held titles of feature integration engineer, software issue resolution engineer, interior quality engineer, and blazer ev assistant program engineering manager june two thousand and twenty-three april two thousand and twenty-four: software issue resolution engineer on equinox ev april two thousand and twenty-four present: battery system management controller integration engineer
technical lead for space systems programs.
wrote engineering problem descriptions for defects found in system documentation, authored corrective action plans, and implemented and verified change orders. updated database, using microsoft access, for test flight data. corrected errors in formatting based on corrective action plans of the problem tracking system. sorted over twenty thousand signals, and updated database so that filters could be more effectively applied by engineers searching for multiple signals in the database.
performed various engineering tasks for nuclear power generators including design of spent fuel pool instrumentation and feed water heater set point calculations.
responsible for updating firmware for intel ssds and other things
nsf reu project: pacemaker neuron signaling activity modeling computationally modeled a superposition based synaptic input neuronal network of dopaminergic (da) neurons using neuron environment and python. utilized the model to understand the mechanism behind pacemaking activity of da neurons.
research and insights solution center (risc) (extensive background check feb aug two thousand and twenty-two) designed & developed healthcare providers fraud detection models using active learning, and developed model interpretation framework. developed a prescriptive approach for investigation on new cases using icd, cpt, and ndc medical codes. designed & developed unsupervised analytical tools using clustering approaches for fraud analysis of postal facilities. demographic and geographic features have been use
lead qa for small start up company developing a mobile application.
provide sap services to ongoing projects.
system design and installation of information and communication facilities in the new building of kepco (korea electric power corporation).
formed study material for three msu courses on topics including microprocessors, digital systems, circuits, and digital logic fundamentals. designed and assessed students’ assignments weekly.
the electronic systems (es) defense eldp is a three year rotational program designed to develop high potential, entry level engineers into effective future leaders.
integrated product team (ipt) lead for two multimillion dollar research and design projects which consistently met design and manufacturing milestones for target release dates. wrote qualification documents, test plans, test reports and software for quality assurance.
i am a new hired mechanical engineer in the thermal systems branch.
prepared the plant’s web platform for the annual automotive quality system standards audit to support surveillance requirement (iso/ts sixteen thousand, nine hundred and forty-nine) scripted the compression and archival of large data files enabling daily reduction of about twenty gigabytes scripted the migration of user accounts to new domain to support the company split preparation efforts
at tokyo electron limited, a global leader in semiconductor production equipment, i played a key role in developing and implementing advanced plasma etch processes for a major manufacturer. by focusing on process control, optimization, and data analysis, i contributed to increased market share for the company and improved yield for the customer.
production support for be four engine hardware drawing/design changes process changes mentor to junior engineers
manufacturing engineer intern for a photomask manufacture. day to day support of manufacturing cells and process related task. designed new measurement and storage tools created prototypes and final products in house using cad software and 3d printer.
tested radar warning receiver (rwr) systems in a lab environment using radio frequency (rf) test equipment to simulate various rf environments and signals of interest. responsible for both the generation of modeled rf signals/environments using matlab and other proprietary signal modeling software, and configuring the rwr hardware and rf test equipment to execute tests and demonstrations for customers.
supported service and manufacturing activities at a medical device facility. achievements: successfully completed lean six sigma green belt and project management training. decreased ultrasonic sensor usage by fifty% on enteral feeding pumps by developing a fault isolation manual as a green belt project. programming of iso sixty thousand, six hundred and one safety testing on chroma electrical safety analyzers.
works on a team of military and civilian contractors to provide mission assurance on all spacex launches out of vandenberg space force base.
i analyzed and review pads schematic, in preparation of bench testing circuit board assemblies up to 1500vdc. i also documented and revise testing procedures of various circuit boards and related testing. furthermore, i collaborate with the team to test a high power modulator system capable of ~750kw from prototype stage up to completion, which included a control cabinet with plc array and interactive display, high voltage power supplies, and such.
researched autonomous vehicle sensor attacks and security developed an autonomous vehicle testing platform used to gather data for other researchers collaborated with other undergraduate researchers to develop can bus platform
developed protection and control systems for switchgear systems for high voltage substations. designed different one line drawings for switchgear systems. utilized ge feeder protection relays to provide fault protection for electrical systems.
manufacture mobile mapping lidar system create documentation of manufacturing process calibrate lidar assembly improve manufacturing process
researched and noted changes in policies of various top universities' engineering programs. final summaries and reports were constructed to best outline the changes.
improved user interface and saved researchers time by programming new labview features enabling users to simultaneously measure change in electrode current and potential in a molecule over time.
transcribe, review and execute nurse’s/doctor’s orders using electronic health record system. initiate authorization forms for patient procedures/transfers. ensure accurate and thorough documentation of all necessary paperwork is completed. maintain patient records in accordance to hipaa and privacy act.
rewrote large legacy accounts receivables software from vb5 to c# and f# with a focus on maintainability, unit testing of business logic, and performance improved performance of many common workflows by 5x 200x via debugging, data locality, algorithmic improve ments, statistics, caching, reduction of allocations, redesigned workflows, and more
management of an entire high voltage substation equipment line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities. specification of market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by ongoing visits to customers and non customers. gathering of requirements and subsequent translation to project specification and documentation. development of customer relationship, focusing on key accounts. business development.
performed plc programming using rs logix five thousand allen bradley plcs. worked on hmi development for various plant applications. worked on designing vision jobs using insight explorer software. worked on troubleshooting process control problems. performed teaching for fanuc robots and editing robot programs.
in charlottesville, operate as a vba developer creating and maintaining vba tools and performing data analysis. additionally, operate as a forensic dna analyst preparing and analyzing samples in our high throughput lab. work remotely to assist our new jersey branch in facilitating data analytic tools for our client in vba.
co founder of a disrupting e commerce platform called sigmacommerce.
general it help desk
worked in the spice modelling lab automation team to streamline simulations for different types of mosfets
worked on an open source tool sipp which would help cisco engineers recreate actual voip network scenarios from sip logs
assisting with honeywell funded rocket launches across multiple states working with the usri center of excellence to create new plane technologies for the us army aiding design of various complex electrical systems for government contract projects developing a low cost cold gas thruster to be integrated in high powered rocketry launches for senior capstone project
installed departmental equipment and coordinated cable management for improved functionality facilitated preparation of electronic lab kits for ece courses, ensuring optimal hands on education conducted final inspections and categorized laboratory components, ensuring adherence to quality standards and efficient inventory management coordinated workshops and activities in the ece department for students to learn and explore facilitated as a student representative for new students
employee coaching, mentoring, training employee performance development providing technical guidance and problem solving to product teams lead root cause and corrective action investigations personnel performance input for all related functions lead department level strategic improvement projects lead capital planning and purchase strategies
# document all significant asset related actions in compliance with department practices. # performing daily operations of document imaging, processing & indexing of client records # maintain a workflow to ensure all records are processed in a timely & efficient manner with the highest level of quality possible. # conduct & comply with quality assurance & report necessary for compliance with specifications and company policies.
review electrical diagrams of the jetty, regasification facility, and lng terminal. manages sites progress on the construction of the lng terminal versus the project schedule. provide solution to existing problems regarding the construction of the lng terminal. prepares and implements design improvements that meet functions and cost requirements for the project. review grid impact study prepared by the consultant for submission to ngcp
own the integration of mechanical, electrical hardware, software, and controls of the electronic power steering system into the vehicle. support the development of products from pursuit of business through product launch and current production. lead technical discussions with a customer on a diverse set of topics, from advanced industry leading vehicle feature development to the launch of major programs into the vehicle manufacturing environment
one. development of force controlled grippers; two. mechatronics system design and integration for robotics sensing and actuation optimizations.
responsible for all electrical equipment and reactor plant instrumentation associated with a submarine nuclear propulsion plant. coordinated training programs for over one hundred and twenty personnel. collateral duties included departmental training petty officer, department drill coordinator, e division calibrations petty officer, e division repair parts petty officer, refit crew section leader. secret security clearance, honorably discharged.
software and hardware support and engineering in operating theatres for neurosurgery and spine surgery
m.e.s.a: math engineering science achievement program engineering conference planning/networking events engineering coursework tutor for peer students engineering course selection advisor for graduation track presenter/speaker for engineering days & serving events for stem students not yet in college oversaw mesa study center while assisting students with general questions and homework related to mathematics, physics and engineering courses resulting in increased gpa
assisted with the day to day operations of molecular biology and carver co labs building manager and engineer peter lelonek helping complete energy, environmental, health, safety, controls, instrumentation, and hvac projects.
establish data architecture in collaboration with the big data team for deployment in both gcp and on premises infrastructure. use terraform to provision gcp infrastructure. create patterns for automation of services provisioning and network provisioning in a public and private cloud in support of data service, including sql and nosql database. design, architecture, and develop an automation system by pipelines running on concourse with the hook on github to deploy data service. design, architec
supported training courses in chemical synthesis through lab instruction, course preparation, and field exercise organization. under research and development, synthesized explosives for sensitivity testing for eod and truescent production. developed standard operating procedure for ed xrf and performed qualitative analysis. performed reach support to our new jersey branch in analytic chemistry and excel vba development.
served as a design engineer working on inertial navigation systems. responsibilities included: conducting system trade studies; developing, verifying, and validating system requirements; root cause and analysis; troubleshooting; project management; change management; and cross functional collaboration.
gained exposure to the finite element method (fem) and its applicability to modeling 1d transmission lines to solve boundary condition problems in matlab.
worked as the lead process engineer on a variety of research projects involving optoelectronic device development conducted process development, wrote/maintained process flows, and performed hands on device fabrication worked with with a variety of material systems including inp, gaas, gasb, inas, and hi of si with iii vs
i am in charge of physical verification and validation for io development in the semiconductor industry.
graded electronic devices homework given by professor kladitis, and informed him with some common mistakes in the class.
performed data analysis for radar mission planning.
3d scanning and printing technology through capturing images of physical objects and generating 3d models based on the physical object image for innovation. learned and demonstrated 3d printer animation software, calibration, scanning, and shape fusion created 3d printer instructional videos to show at trade shows for potential customers and companies, helping increase their product production, and capability advanced to lead project manager for exemplary leadership and time management skills
run, edit, create, and reduce test time for semiconductor tests at ngc advanced technology laboratory, linthicum wafer test facility. this involves building and editing testing software to coordinate digital and rf testing routines done with wafer probing equipment in a cleanroom environment. skills used include object programming, real time test debugging, in depth rf calibration and verification, coordination with quality/product engineers, test plan development, and digital vector testing.
upgraded plc and hmi programs for waste water/water treatment plants and automotive companies. assisted with on site deployment and demonstrations.
worked 40hr/week during breaks from college researched artificial intelligence and machine learning to motivate a binary obfuscation project researched ropgadgets for use in binary obfuscation project studied programmable logic controllers, routers and firmware
hold office hours to answer questions on homework, quizzes, exams, course materials and logistics; manage course website for logistics and announcement; grade homework, quizzes, and exams.
assisted the software and information services department in developing a city traffic information system took the responsibility for website designing and debugging and studied web programming
i support a team of engineers in the core video group of the comcast west division advanced engineering department. we support local video content acquisition, manage video capacity, and drive standards to improve the customer experience of millions of subscribers.
systems engineer rotation. worked as a system engineer to write test cases for naval contracts. responsible for writing test cases pertaining to both hardware and software applications at a system level. ensured that all final designs adhere to all initial engineering requirements. worked with team to perform peer reviews on test cases to ensure quality.
responsibilities were broad and diverse and involved providing comprehensive reports and analysis of product failures to customers as well as the company quality control department.
install hvac controls systems at new construction sites. retrofit old hvac control systems. program these controllers for automatic control of a buildings climate. pull and run cabling for these systems.
i tutored for every math and computer science topic offered at iusb.
as a software developer at vk integrated systems, i work closely with the firmware and building capabilities of the firmware for our product. my primary language that i use is c with some elements of c++ in an integrated setup, and i occasionally will use python and bash scripting. the device is an embedded system, and therefore i work very closely with the hardware and have to balance various constraints and limitations to ensure that our product meets specifications.
as a product engineer at intermotive, i designed aftermarket embedded systems that were installed in various vehicle types including work trucks, ambulances, rvs and sedans. i did pcb design including schematic capture and layout and also programmed microprocessors in embedded c.
performed studies for determining roadmap devices and activities, such as: performed cost, performance, and business analysis to determine viability of roadmap devices led research on new systems development such as laser drivers to determine viability of ideas
taught mathematics to undergraduates.
after my sophomore year of college, i had the opportunity to work at infineon technologies where i was part of the power electronics group. my role included lab testing of the h bridge, single phase s fet and three phase fet chips. my tasks included characterizing the temperature and i had to record the data using a flir thermal camera. i also had the opportunity to create a report and present it to my boss and also the customer.
designing layout of various standard cells, memory layouts and analog layouts in 45nm and 28nm process node using pyxis by mentor graphics
i analyzed an excess flow valve to decrease product failure and increase overall component understanding. i created an excel macro with vba to efficiently organize and summarize data at a high level. i designed experimental and production parts in creo to demonstrate increased fluid flow concepts.
run different corrosion testing on vehicle parts and conduct analysis on longevity and failure help launch paint line in new san antonio, texas plant consult design release engineers on best supplier parts to use work closely with paint suppliers in troubleshooting issues and color harmony validate standards of vehicle parts
programming of programmable logic controllers (plcs) for industrial automation equipment. designed equipment electrical & pneumatic circuits to meet functionality & safety requirements. traveled to customer locations to help with the installation of equipment.
worked in the mack assembly plant for stellantis creating the new jeep grand cherokee l. the overall goal was to set up and develop an organizational system for the spare parts room in the new plant. during this time i was one of the first interns to earn their world class manufacturing green belt through the project i was conducting.
managed service maintenance for inline inspection tools, including maintenance, repair, and restoration.
firmware engineering intern. created a web interface for an embedded linux product.
support and manage corporate projects. support and administer multiple control systems. support maintenance and contractors with everyday challenges. create standards and look for technologies/solutions that help company in short and long term.
software developer responsible for unit and integration testing, supporting production deployment, and creating required documentation with a focus in embedded systems and low level device communications.
i. providing security consultations to cisco/symantec and the second largest telecom operator in saudi arabia in every aspect within the siem project, from designing, deploying and customizing arcsight siem solution content and layout for their managed services operations to query optimizations for their reports. ii. coding custom scripts for commands and data queries using apis automation with python from platforms: aruba clearpass, qualys, greatbay, cisco umbrella & talos, symantec end
demonstrated skill in time management at the highly selective afrl/ais ace information assurance internship and completed software projects in a cooperative team environment. applied computer security concepts such as network security, application security, reverse engineering, penetration testing, unit testing, security investigations, capture the flag, and us cyber warrior tactics and leadership. demonstrated knowledge of programming in c, c++, java, golang, python in an agile environment.
development of responsive web applications (full stack), using technologies such as c#, asp.net mvc, javascript, sql server, among others. development of progressive web applications for mobile devices (full stack), using technologies such as angular, ionic, typescript, javascript, sql server, among others. gathering of business requirements, with subsequent translation into technical specifications. testing and qa.
o provides design, development, and production support regarding the electrical requirements for new lighting products in order to meet program timing goals o conducts and oversees design validation tests for prototype and production hardware (emc, environmental, etc.) o recommends and implements design changes to production products per prototype testing results o generates new concepts for improving electronics design capabilities, develop worst case circuit analysis (wcca)
electrified vehicle propulsion system integration
responsible for the coordination of all apparatus and relay testing activities, functional test activities and documentation of as left/as built station status (station prints and as left relay settings) development of on site equipment / relay work orders, isolation (cut over) plans, functional test plans, document control, cip equipment lists, bar coding, final document uploads (project wise), completion of project binder, equipment energization lists, equipment energization notifications
experience in advanced development and prototyping utilized allegro viewer for pcb layouts utilized excel to record, plot, and analyze data utilized workbench from renesas to run tests experience using e2studio as a development environment collaborated with suppliers to help create documentation for their products experience working with capacitive touch technology through renesas soldering experience developed software using the c programming language on a linux platform
provides systems engineering support to assess the technical requirements, design, development, and implementation of the marine corps recruiting information management support system. conduct requirements analysis, design, develop, performance measurement, verification, validation, accreditation, deployment, and change management by applying engineering expertise. support compliant marine corps architectures and acquisition management policies. performed functional and systems testing.
researched and developed ceramic additive manufacturing capability and technology for high temperature ceramic materials: porcelite, high alumina, and zirconia. developed in house processing and testing methods with mechanical testing, material characterization, and catalyst labs. led collaboration between advanced manufacturing and materials and vendor to develop custom ceramic material. collected and analyzed data set of additively manufactured part accuracy to propose tolerancing guideline.
problem solving for medium voltage power fuses and fea electric magnetic, thermal, and mechanical models with the ansys suite for custom applications of components. simulation efforts for obtaining the electric arc model (cfd electric magnetic coupled simulation).
electrical research engineer, design power electronics, communication, and integrated circuits
under the department of signal processing and communication, i work as a developer for the automated driving toolbox in matlab.
my role in the in the robling laboratory was to assist academic research by complete preliminary mice work and finish data analysis on the botox and raspn studies. weened mice pups and labeled mice ears injected shots, preformed tibia loading, conducted dexa scans on mice polished bones and captured microscopic images
worked with technicians in the field and gained a proper understanding of how hvac systems work, both on the front end software and at the field panel/device. worked under the guidance of senior engineers and gained a proper understanding of how to use autocad to design the required systems. worked with sales and gained an understanding of the processes of dealing with a customer and quoting an initial bid.
enhanced a web platform to allow multiple data reduction jobs to be submitted simultaneously in csv files rather than sequentially, resulting in a sixty% reduction in time spent on submitting data for reductions developed the front end components for users to upload, search, and view queued batches of jobs implemented sql tables and a controller class in c# which would then handle writing batch data to a sql db
cadence based electronic circuit design designed sensor test stand to increase testing output by ½ day per board, and making said test one hundred% reliable testing related to rf emissions, microcontroller outputs, and supercapacitor performance cellular modem procurement, and initialization coordination with regional electric providers such as duke energy, dp&l, and manitoba embedded sensor software development component level troubleshooting and failure analysis
i applied for this job during the final semester of my degree at texas a&m and initially started out as a research analyst but have since been promoted multiple times to the head of research and development for the company and a product lead for one of our in house projects. the company; occam finance, is a cryptocurrency based venture capital and investment banking firm which researches, builds, invests in and deploys unique and varied cryptocurrency protocols.
analyzed simulation and experimental spinloss data for hybrid/electric drive unit developed user friendly spinloss model for future analysis correlated spinloss model to mule data responsible for producing spinloss curves for various drive units determined oil management requirements based on customer test data and simulations performed trade off study on cooling system to select appropriate thermal bypass determined input requirements for thermal model
as part of a lean manufacturing transformation, trained a cross functional team to improve 6s efforts within the forge finishing department by improving audit scores by twenty% quarter over quarter. learned the forging and finishing manufacturing processes of aerospace titanium alloys. collected and analyzed data on various resources to show trends and identified areas for improvement and actionable next steps. drove cost savings project by reducing changeover times by thirty-three%, delivering $550k ad
home management system with scheduling using cc3200
worked on aerospace technology (controls, design, testing) as well as additive design and manufacturing
drafted, reviewed, and revised saas related technology and commercial agreements including vendor, application development, master service, event, sponsorship, lease, employment, and non disclosure. research privacy, terms of use, terms and conditions, and non disclosure agreements, provided viable revision suggestions to ensure company’s standard agreements remain current and reasonable.
at chipotle, i served customers on the "line" (preparing their food as they demand whilst maintaining a friendly environment), in addition to cooking various food items in the back of the house (such as tortilla chips) before opening. this first job taught me how to listen to instructions carefully and get the task done with excellence while under pressure.
worked as an electrical engineering intern in the commercial avionics division on the ttr two thousand, one hundred tcas radio/collision avoidance system.
instructed students for the gmat exam
since the manufacturing plant was undergoing an upgrade, i was responsible for updating plc and hmi codes to accommodate new timers and alarms. i also performed physical tags verification and maintained change controls and backups.
engineering support of ground stations for interfacing to satellite based rf satcom and remote sensing payloads
day to day technical support of plant maintenance team, including lead on high priority breakdowns and technical repair for all disciplines (electrical, mechanical, etc.). utility systems process owner, including electric distribution (69kv, twelve.47kv, 5kv), electric utilization (one hundred and twenty/208v, 240v, 480v), compressed air, and steam. oversight of maintenance technicians (i&e, mechanics, millwrights, pipefitters).
resolved property management orders kicked from the quality control team by analyzing work done on the property. maintained records of the orders alterations and picked up on the important of responsibilities in a business setting.
part of the modeling and simulation team, supporting afrl developing signal processing algorithms in c/c++, python and matlab. works with afsim and local afrl tools to model various scenarios radar scenarios, to include realistic environmental effects such as multipath, clock jitter and thermal and clock noise. develops heatmaps corresponding to coherent beamforming rf transmissions received power on varying sized tx/rx geometries.
working on circuit diagrams for power distribution in rf signal management ordering components and choosing alternatives that allow for better cost saving
repairing of earth moving equipment,maintenance of heavy equipment machine through electrical and mechanical
reported to head senior applications engineer to implement hardware and develop software to specifications from the manufacturing and design team on new prototype.
· radar signal processing engineer (algorithm design and electromagnetic theory) · developed clutter rejection, target identification and tracking algorithms related to barreled weapon detection in matlab and python · ran field experiments to collect data · assisted ceo and vp with contract management and business development
conducted atomic layer deposition experiment
performed sensor verification tests, analyzed data using matlab identified causes of malfunctions in problematic motors pcb soldering
verified application processor subsystem(apss) for next generation mobile platform based on armv8 micro architecture involving amba ace and chi protocols involved in post silicon bring up
end to end project management from inception to deliverables in solar cell and module factory supervising equipment installation and commissioning for 5gw solar cell and module plant spearheading new product development initiative
working on integration between control systems and power electronics equipment .
operate a mass properties instrument (mpi) to determine characteristics of various aviator helmet designs.
i work as a systems engineer for the requirements and verification team and model based systems engineering team in the aeronautics sector of northrop grumman
as an undergraduate research assistant, i practiced control theory and mechatronics principles in hands on projects, developing a two degree of freedom helicopter system with yaw and pitch position control. i also assisted in enhancing an inverted pendulum capable of demonstrating various control phenomena.
as a requirement for the award of bachelor's degree in petroleum engineering at southern alberta institute of technology i was required to enroll in a paid internship program in the petroleum industry.
hardware development engineer on the signal sources team focusing on analog/rf circuit design.
aided in part cleanliness project utilized solidworks to design permanent fixtures in the jtm facility to improve part quality aided in selecting a post production test to improve part quality
work with src program management and srctec manufacturing subsidiary to transition products from prototypes to mass production. write engineering documentation. solve production related issues. interface with customers and vendors to solve problems.
conducted a market survey on the market share and dau of mobile app stores including tencent app store. wrote sql scripts to query data from the database, and sorted app stores according to downloads and dau, mau. visualized the queried data in dashboard, generated survey reports and submitted them to product managers
· given responsibility to lead an elr (engineering liaison request) design change throughout the summer. · presented the elr design change to the ccb (change control board), which consists of approximately thirty managers and senior engineers, for approval to move ahead in the design revision process. · successfully incorporated the elr using catia v5, enovia, and boeing's pdm (product data management).
created test plans, automation software, test fixtures, etc. for production electronics team. helped rollout production implementation plans. managed production floor improvement tasks for electronics team. developed database analytics for production efficiency reporting.
iot enabled microgrid automation
create electrical building design plans including circuit layout, lighting design, and fire alarm plans in accordance with state and national safety codes for a variety of clients using auto desk revit and auto desk autocad. met individual and team deadlines.
managed the creative execution of a project of designing custom methodology for 3d printed lithophane model that includes sketch work, illustrations, and graphic design file creation. generated g code commands for 3d printer (by 3d fusion three hundred and sixty) to build final customized 3d models of final design and looked for ways to re use customized mechanical component to reduce complexity and to create durable efficient design. utilized the resources of the design department to assist in creating layou
this role require managing people, process, policies and procedures and making business decisions.
r&d manager lead and direct the development of a medical product from research through transition to production work with suppliers – order raw materials for the lab and negotiate funding applications activities submit funding requests, working with entities such as the israel innovation authority work according to regulation requirements – design according to iso13485 standard prepare v&v plans write and prepare validation and verification documentations and plans
design manufacturing equipment investigating and troubleshooting equipment/manufacturing/facility problems. analyzing production results. implementing and improving manufacturing methods and processes. ensuring high yield and productivity in a highly automated manufacturing environment.
gave advice on designing analog integrated circuits. coded ui interface and filtering algorithm in matlab/c++ for radar system.
full time employed as a systems engineer for lockheed martin space.
i was part of lema labs as an intern and worked on the development of a multi purpose robot that has the functionality of a maze solver, line follower, etc. i further worked on developing a home automation model using iot.
i managed a $fifty million budget to maintain a fleet of thirty uscg cutters. i planned and executed major shipboard repairs including electrical, mechanical, and structural work. i completed requirements reviews, work scope revisions, quality assurance, and lessons learned.i led a ten person team of port engineers.
calibrating body controller and exterior lighting controller modules for denso on site at gm. using excel and vector calibration database management tools, organize some forty-five,zero+ calibrations and produce binary files for flashing into modules. promoted to peps resident engineer after ~8mo, responsible for calibrating antennas responding to keyfob communications, releasing keyfob part numbers, and doing low level hardware tests on module for new/unique software packages.
in this role, i assisted the department faculty in a number of ways. i set up the research robots and put together lab kits for the mechatronics and electronics classes. i put together the physics laboratory prior to class beginning. in addition, i prototyped several tools using the 3d printer and solidworks for the mathematics department to use for instruction. finally, i worked with prospective students to give tours of the engineering facility.
i was responsible for designing and developing a dc dc converter for hi rel satellite application, to step down and regulate the dc bus voltage to ensure the satisfactory operation of satellite modules requiring low voltage. i compared and understood the working of various converter topologies and their control strategies and chose the one suited best for the application. the designed converter had an efficiency of eighty-five% at typical loading.
o rewrote and optimized existing applications for car dashboards in c#
i am part of an embedded software agile team working on an rf program’s operational flight control.
processing and analyzing signal data from electronic components to enhance programming for machine performance plan and develop research projects and experiments for new product features developing and optimizing system module algorithms and attributes using a variety of programming languages received multiple patent credits for dryer advance development features idea contribution and process creation please see resume for more details!
served as a communication system engineering intern working on modeling and simulation tools. responsibilities included: process improvement; research and development; and performance analysis of dsp algorithms.
i worked with senior control engineers to build and design hmis and plc for natural gas plants, i used p&ids to be able to read the schematic of the plant and be able to determine how the system would work and be programmed.
created matlab simulations of satellite communication systems for the department of defense and nasa and researched methods of decreasing simulation time by utilizing advanced computing resources at the company.
it gave me a vast knowledge of the various switches and protective equipments used in the real world. during this period, i designed a distribution panel for household purposes.
operated and maintained electro optical sensors and lasers in an observatory space tracking station to collect and provide data to customers using high speed data acquisition electronics. perform system and corrective maintenance as well as prepare maintenance records. work with and provide data to government/scientist customers and visit experimenters and engineering staff to understand operational task and system performance parameters. assist in the development of communications and mission p
simulated and manually tested the concept of multiple vehicle detection. detected vehicles in the blind spot regions of mopeds and set the safety zones and the zones prone to accident on turning. designed algorithm to switch between traffic and highway mode and set the safety zones accordingly.
verify electrical engineering patents to see if they violate any statutes.
after participating in a rotational program, i began work as a dre working on battery electronics for hybrid and electric vehicles. i also recently began dedicating half of my weekly time to our development lab working on component integration.
built over a dozen successful software projects including: o process automation in the logistics industry with backends in php and ruby on rails o auto scaling parallel cloud computation on aws while maintaining costs of under $one hundred per month. yup, you read that right. :d o complete e2e inventory management system, with immutable audits, rpi sbc print servers, a barcoding system, and an intranet infrastructure deployment o custom cryptocurrency trading algorithm and a data collection tool in go
design and implement software modules for the network switch operating system for cisco nexus nine thousand series of switches. i was a part of the l2/l3 forwarding team and we specifically worked on the modules that governed the flow of traffic within the switch as decided by different l2 forwarding and l3 routing protocols.
managed inventory in vj x building which consisted of fulfilling purchase orders and providing parts to assemblers. made alterations to schematics with autodesk eagle. wrote technical documentation for ixs portable x ray units for customer use of operation and safety. shadowed senior engineer through troubleshooting of defective units and conducted stress tests to ensure proper functionality.
assisted students in completing remote electrical labs in ece twenty thousand and seven, and also gave guidance on lab concepts and calculations. worked with course staff and gtas to administer tests and revise labs.
i specialize in designing electrical systems for solar power installations, encompassing wiring, inverters, and control systems. my expertise includes developing detailed electrical schematics and blueprints to ensure accurate implementation. i conduct rigorous tests to validate the performance and efficiency of solar panels and related electrical systems. additionally, i am adept at working within budget constraints to design cost effective solutions, ensuring both efficiency and financial viab
working to support the testing and design of the bell three hundred and sixty aircraft flight control systems. currently working towards the first flight of the aircraft.
collaborated and acquired hands on experience from distribution engineers in their field and office responsibilities.
currently work as a hardware engineering for the fieldfox team. my main role is a new product introduction engineer, so i work mainly with r&d and marketing in launching a new product to the market. most recent project i worked on was the launch of the c models for the fieldfox team (n991xc and n993xc).
utilized finite element analysis (ansys apdl) to analyze the stress on compressor and turbine blades for high rotation turbo jet engines.
studied the sirt6 gene which is involved in glucose metabolism, fat metabolism, and dna repair investigated what regulates the expression of sirt6 by studying its promoter using bioinformatics techniques funded by iupui’s life health sciences internship program
responsible for battery electric truck, plug in hybrid, mid sized truck, and utility van propulsion systems. coordinated with propulsion part owners and the vehicle program team to ensure that all propulsion hardware, software, and calibrations were delivered on time. led two work groups to monitor and solve hardware, software, and calibration issues in design and manufacturing to ensure safety, functionality, and regulation compliance. participated in feasibility studies for advanced hy
collaborated with a research team to produce electrets by means of a novel proton irradiation method. designed and constructed a vibrating probe system for the measurement of surface potentials. designed, constructed, and debugged amplification/filter circuits used in the processing of sensitive signals.
the main two tasks of the position are to one.) develop fpga images to test/validate printed circuit boards produced by the company. two.) develop portable/reusable fpga code base that provides interfaces to the edges of the chip, so customer of the printed circuit board can build on top of the code base, leveraging easy to use buses for development of their own logic/algorithms
monitored the process of building the ford fusion police car rear doors analyzed cost cards and organized ford part prices and factory expenses led research and development for maskless adhesive application to automotive components programmed fanuc six axis paint robot for paint application
during my tenure as an r&d engineer, i spearheaded projects that optimized formulations, enhanced quality control processes, and developed predictive models for defect risk. my innovative approaches and fundamental studies led to significant cost reductions and the protection of key intellectual property through trade secrets and patents.
interact with semiconductor fab and equipment oem customers to provide particle contamination control methods in accordance with their surface cleaning applications in iso five cleanroom environment deliver wafer scratch defects solution to decrease process yield loss, which in turn enhances factory throughput and cost efficiencies
i work in the ship signatures department. i have gained experience using fea, matlab and vibration testing and prediction on mechanical components.
ensured robust revisions of avionics software by programming and running multiple procedures for a variety of test cases cooperated with industry leaders to further enhance optimal performance
utilized finite element software and closed form equations to determine performance and optimize design in rotary electro magnetic machines directed production of newly designed projects, including designing unique test and manufacturing procedures designed prototypic mockups to test applicability of insulation systems and manufacturing methods
network engineer, establishing a system of systems design for a major dod ehr
provide support to live production issues and debug them. enhancing and developing the application as per business requirement.
worked to build systems for united states navy.
i worked as an engineering intern at the idaho national laboratory (inl). during my time, i designed and began to implement a control system design for a system of pumps and valves that handled the transport of effluent radioactive water within the inl advanced test reactor complex.
this role introduced me to the mechanical r&d, test and manufacturing engineering environments in industry and how they relate to one another and other aspects of the business.
performed detailed design of low to extra high voltage substations and switchyards. designs including one line diagrams, protection and control schematic development, wiring diagrams, scada, communications, substation physical layouts, materials list, conduit and cable sizing/routing, ac and dc systems calculations and sizing, and substation grounding. review, recommend and evaluate the design, installation, and operations of low voltage electrical systems and instrumentation
researched topics related to nanoelectronics devices, simulation & modeling, and circuit simulation. design, and developed the computational model for simulation of different structures of iii v semiconductor, doping less, and nanowire based fet on tcad silvaco atlas and sentaurus. coordinated with principal investigators for project planning and execution. circuit analysis of a physics based analytical model of tunnel fets in cadence design framework using the verilog a model.
lead full stack developer for a web application. frontend driven by angular five, backend driven by ms sql server and c# .net web api. developed applications for use during mda flight test participated in flight tests overseeing the use of the opdash application conducted group training sessions to ensure users understood the product gathered requirements and broke the requirements into agile stories/tasks worked with ia groups to ensure no cyber failures occurred wrote link16 decoders in c++
flight test engineer for the air traffic control and landing systems branch. planned, executed, and reported on flight test activities, as assigned, including development and periodic certification of radar and gps based shipboard landing systems, including automatic landing of f/a eighteen aircraft, and shipboard air surveillance radars and display systems. acted as apmt&e and lte for development of an/spn fifty shipboard air traffic radar.
worked as a software architect for professional services.
programmed and configured plcs, hmis and vfds for test machine setup and operation troubleshot test setup, validating safety triggers and variable control
collaborated with the lead engineer and mechanics to design three printed circuit boards using altium software. developed running inventory and storage method for excess parts. prepared an instruction manual to assist with machine operation and troubleshooting. sustain in circuit tests for production pcbs
planned a ten week curriculum on building an electrocardiogram from scratch using the iterative design process, with the purpose of exposing engineering freshmen to hands on and practical technical skills. taught fifteen twenty students every quarter fundamental electrical engineering concepts such as basic circuit design, operational amplifiers, filters, breadboard prototyping, and pcb design.
worked as a government contractor on networking and cybersecurity applications. used c and python to develop software for embedded systems. tested and integrated software on several architectures. researched and implemented data obfuscation, hiding, and encryption algorithms. worked on data link, network, and transport layers of osi model. researched and implemented applications related to tcp, udp, and dns protocols.
model and predict energy output of residential photo voltaic systems. analyze data to find equipment malfunctions and monitoring problems of solar energy and storage products. investigate and explain discrepancies in historical data as well as energy models. evaluate issues at individual and portfolio installations and create and implement action plans. contribute to creating, developing, and implementing operating procedures/protocol. familiar with energy storage calculations, design,
develop embedded software for chassis/powertrain electronic controllers for on/off road vehicles.
develop embedded software in c++ on a team of software and system engineers to support existing electronic warfare systems.
apply programming and industrial controls skills to assist in the creation of in plant and iiot based hmi/scada solutions for clients. update and maintain internal sales and engineering utility tools using various object oriented programming languages. project management of customer iiot industrial hmi and analysis platform including design and release of new applications. travel to industrial manufacturing companies to install/commission industrial and pollution controls equipment.
utilized visual basic for applications (vba) to automate processes in microsoft excel. developed an automatically refreshing production schedule in microsoft project. created macro enabled excel forms to increase efficiency.
installed and supported pc’s, networking equipment, and peripherals in sixteen airports across alaska maintained rack mounts servers, switches, routers, patch panels, and tape backups managed windows server two thousand and twelve r2, exchange server two thousand and thirteen, and active directory pioneered a new deployment method for software company wide
i oversaw the wiring, construction, and electrical safety for eight new traffic light intersections, ensuring compliance with all safety standards. i programmed an infrared camera sensor and traffic light systems to detect oncoming traffic accurately. additionally, i designed circuit schematics to test the safety and operation of flash transfer relays, guaranteeing reliable and efficient traffic light performance.
familiarize electrical and computer engineering students with necessary equipment including oscilloscope, digital multimeter, waveform generator, etc. grade students’ lab reports and prelab quizzes to assess student knowledge and retention of course material. troubleshoot students’ electrical circuits and verify functions and properties of components within circuit.
adjudicated monetary claims against the u.s. army.
at psi llc i worked with mostly low voltage distribution electrical design and instrumentation for industrial clients. i also designed and stamped mep (mechanical electrical plumbing) drawings to be submitted to a regional building department.
performed administrative and managerial functions within the engineering department of the uscg cutter alex haley. i operated the engineering plant and supervised a four person duty section. i led the emergency response team and trained the cutter crew for ready for sea drills. i monitored ship stability and maintained liquid load as the fueling officer.
conducted failure analysis of various consumer products for product liability lawsuits. reverse engineered partial circuit boards from x rays and ct scans. designed and built custom lithium ion battery tester for profiling e cigarette lithium ion batteries.
cross collaborative engineering role as feature owner for projection/connectivity features in current and future cadillac infotainment systems. validation and exposure testing of software releases across multiple modules, issue resolution and negotiation for program launch with supplier and program team.
responsible for research related data management software
worked and collaborated on multimillion dollar projects, as well as smaller scale projects. developed 3d models of larger mechanical equipment, edited drawings of mechanical/hvac, and simple electrical circuits and systems. collaborated with engineers in the other engineering disciplines to ensure consistency and quality of work and effective communication between the disciplines and clients.
i primarily worked on two projects. during my first year, i analyzed fmri and behavioral data in matlab for a project that compared delay discounting performance between cannabis users and non users. i processed mrs data in lcmodel to quantify and compare gaba levels in gamers and non gamers. i presented at two conferences, the two thousand and seventeen midwest undergraduate cognitive science conference and the two thousand and nineteen cognitive neuroscience conference.
i work with various engineering teams to find innovative and reasonable product solutions to challenging subsea measurement problems involving conceptual, algorithmic, and practical design of state of the art sonar devices used for oceanography, navigation, hydrology, hydrography, and military applications. i analyze and post process underwater acoustic signal in support of applications such as subsea navigation, ocean surface and subsea waves, and acoustic doppler current measurement.
electrical design for oil and gas applications
worked as an aerospace engineer in the aircraft analysis squadron of the national air and space intelligence center. main responsibilities included reviewing and streamlining matlab code used in aircraft performance modeling software. additionally responsible for designing front end user interface for a custom database management tool to aid in aircraft engineering analysis. hired on as a temporary full time employee in between graduating in december two thousand and fourteen and entering active duty air force.
develop schematics, bill of material, plc program, scada program, sequence of operation for power control systems for switchgear. support technicians during switchgear production as well as technicians in the field.
designed, built, test, and qualified boards for qx600, next generation droplet generator, and next generation ddpcr system
supervise the electrical inspection team for all electrical within the city of st paul. coordinated with fire, building, and other trades for plan review and inspections.
as an employee of biologically applied engineering, i traveled to thoroughbred horse racetracks throughout the country to perform in situ surface testing. i also worked at racing surface testing laboratory where i conducted granular material research and developed test protocols, performed data analysis, and trained new employees.
work in azure's host networking team where we build the appliances that enable robust distributed computing and maintaining these systems for customers.
sustain, provide after hour support, and ensure a steady process flow of seven wet etch equipment in a twenty-four/seven manufacturing environment collaborate with cross functional teams and vendors to investigate engineering problems from processing equipment and to prevent equipment downtime and back end products damage analyze equipment data for trends and unique features to eliminate problems and potential breakpoints using jmp create scripts to query process data and execute the decision
supported it services and satellite communications infrastructure for fourteen countries within the east african and comesa region. designed and implemented the first webservice financial application for data vending for the region.
supported analysis, review and validation of test data to ensure instrumentation hardware and software readiness. used python to write a code that would parse important information from old testing files going back ten years. performed cable trade study on ten,zero cables used to interface between tests systems and flight hardware to efficiently manage the inventory of these.
for the last three years, i have been working as teaching assistant at my university. my main tasks include: teaching, conducting tutorials, lab hours, grading exams for the following courses: cs114 (java) introduction to programming for engineers cs115 (python) introduction to programming in python o phys101/one hundred and two general physics i ii math101/one hundred and two calculus i ii math132 discrete and combinational mathematic
developed uhelp app to assist people in repairing their vehicles utilized mtab to review and sort data on consumer preferences applied figma tool for mobile app prototyping
worked on the visual odometry for indigestible capsule robots, specifically on transitional and rotational motion for the different types of endoscopic trajectories. this was implemented using a deep recurrent convolutional neural networks (rcnns) and convolutional neural networks (cnn) for the visual odometry task, feature extraction with interpretation of dynamics.
our team measured rf response of materials, extracting intrinsic electrical properties through software analysis of collected data. designed and conducted experiments to gauge measurement system reliability. wrote standard procedure documentation for new ir and rf measurement systems. developed software tools to automate data visualization and reporting using matlab and microsoft excel.
implemented a realtime simulator in unreal engine with multiple virtual sensors, including cameras and radars.
· resolved a recurring servo drive failure by modifying plc logic to optimize overall machinery performance. · enhanced safety and operation by conferring with operators and setting up hmi interface with e stop and lockout buttons. · optimized timing and dosage of lubrication by implementing plc controlled oil pumps; extended oil refill time for three five days by adding a voltage adjusting module to reduce 24vdc to five vdc.
worked on designing and implementing automated tests in labview/python on national instruments test platform for formal qualification testing (fqt) of armament system software. worked as a scrum master for a small team implementing the fqt tests. worked on software (c language) on msp430 microcontrollers to simulate real world mechanical systems to facilitate testing. worked on software for a proof of concept mission control prototype on an atmel arm7 microcontroller.
flight test engineer for the air traffic control and landing systems branch. planned, executed, and reported on flight test activities, as assigned, including development and periodic certification of radar and gps based shipboard landing systems, including automatic landing of f/a eighteen aircraft, and shipboard air surveillance radars and display systems. was selected for and completed united states navy test pilot school in two thousand and thirteen.
worked as an intern with the process control group in the hot mill. completed assigned projects related to the level one control systems for the down coilers.
intel embedded server(atom avoton cpu) and eight cpu server(xeon platinum cpu) hardware design; pcb material selection (dk and df), pcb stack up and backdrill design; orcad/allegro tool, layout constraint manager settings for layout guideline rules; multi phase intel vr dc dc (cot and pwm) and 12v hot swap controller design, component selection and layout review for pi; power integrity test, cpu/ddr power load line, transient and intel svid testing; knowledge in high speed buses.
i optimized advanced chemical flow processes for hydrogen production through simulation, reducing environmental impact with a seven% reduction in steam usage and ninety-seven% co2 capture. i also developed an interactive excel model to calculate total capital cost for pilot scale hydrogen production scenarios. this work culminated in a publication in applied energy.
assisted with testing of both production assemblies and development projects. operated high voltage, high current aircraft power generation equipment, as well as environmental testing equipment including vibration tables and humidity ovens. analyzed test results according to both mil specs and customer specifications. performed troubleshooting to determine causes of faults both in test equipment and in assemblies being tested.
one) designed and implemented a model of an lte transceiver system (wireless communication and signal processing concepts on matlab) two) prach implementation for 5g on matlab
developed/maintained firmware using the c programming language developed firmware for communications modules debugged code using a lauterbach emulator with trace32 software experience using tcp/ip communication protocols experience with serial link and ethernet communication obtained lean six sigma (l6s) yellow belt training
investigated clock tree and timing automation for back annotation for fpga cad interfaces. created an sdf extraction flow to aid in the automation of timing closure for large fpga devices.
it is a home internship on machine learning. so far i have worked on two projects one) teach a neural network to read and learn handwriting using the mnist dataset. two) sentiment analysis on demonetization in india by extracting the tweets using twitter api and comparing the extracted words using the afinn dictionary
i am currently working on a new model. as the line is almost fully automated, the scope of work includes installation and line trials, robot program and plc logic check. a vendor team of about fifty persons works on the line i am looking after. their project manager reports to my team which has two members, namely my senior and me. one direct report is considering only the project manager, i have not taken into account the entire team as they are the vendor party.
working on open radio access network (oran), specifically on the integration of front haul library interface of o du low (distributed unit) with openairinterface (oai).
responsible for all can communication requirements between l2+ adas domain controller and vehicle ecus in polarion and tracked changes in jira according to aspice and iso26262 standards specified safety critical signals and address their need for redundancy in can busses lead discussions between algorithm and embedded teams to understand internal and oem needs used canalyzer for debugging can logs and candb++ for updating dbc files
writing vhdl for a xilinx fpga based system. also worked with tcl to aid in constructing a build script for the project. additionally, used python to create a diagnostics application. some exposure to embedded c development for standalone applications on the xilinx zynq seven thousand
provided direct customer service and sole support to the entire restaurant team on a nightly basis cleared and set tables, provisioned water and amenities, and engaged customers
managed a team of twenty microsoft support engineers.
tested the frequency response of the company's magnetic probes and strongly correlated it with theoretical physical principles developed a filtering technique to correct the distorted signal and studied the signal's effect of employing this adjustment researched hall effect devices and derived a novel non linearity equation for large magnetic fields that was not publicly available fit experimental data to non linearity equations for magnetic fields of varying strength
front line automation support for medical device assembly lines
o design and build electronic circuits, modules, and equipments; as well as troubleshooting analog/digital circuits to be used for several departments such as test lab, production, engineering, adv, etc. o provide support in the advanced (r&d) department in designing testing methods for products/prototypes o maintain/troubleshoot testing equipment and production machinery, test electronic module performance o assist in the creation and improving of product design and performance (continuous impr
responsible for testing and troubleshooting all f thirty-five power generation and distribution systems, radio frequency (rf) systems, and fiber optic systems. detailed experience listed on resume section of application.
ensure the ahs technical support team is effective and efficient, meeting the needs of our users through the use of appropriate, ongoing evaluation systems and professional growth strategies for the purpose of actively working to create an ahs support service based on best practices to effectively accomplish goals and objectives.
electronic hardware design for automotive adas applications
· evaluated work performed by the supplier at all stages, including procurement of materials and equipment, as well as the supplier’s manufacturing, quality and delivery processes. · proactively worked with collins cargo system to monitor all parts to support on time customer deliveries; created daily status reports, developed and communicated actions and plans to customers. · mitigated potential delivery delays by identifying risks, performing root cause analysis development of recovery plans
i write firmware for a flow cytometer.
i procured patents in fields of wireless systems and telecommunications, electronics, computer networking equipment, semiconductors, power management, electromechanical systems, financial and trading technologies, ecommerce, digital media and internet search as well as assisted in patent litigation matters associated with smart phones and mobile applications.
word with the nuclear power industry in the development of new technologies. these technologies include: waterless power, micro reactors, super critical gases, and others.
set up advanced college level physics class equipment such as circuit boards, lasers, and sensors. performed calibration that required data to adhere to fundamental constants of physics via calibration techniques.
assisted with f16, f22 and f35 fighter jet sustainment efforts through the systems integrity team implemented and oversaw qualification and development tests to certify new low drag pylons for f22 and f35 jets researched & presented data on in flight emergencies for f22 flights to lockheed, government and contract engineers performed individual component tracking for part wear on f22 jet parts to prevent aircraft failures received a secret level security clearance
worked on designing a real time data analyzer for the drdo on the qt c++ platform and integrating all the sensors.
continued my internship with microchip remotely while completed undergraduate degree. see further microchip employment for more information.
developed utilities in python to enable key functionalities for software in loop test. updated model mapping sheet and io configuration for large mining truck simulink models using dspace hardware and control desk. used python scripts to validate model mappings. automated manual tasks in process development and created validation documents for the software test tech group. created documentation for various processes, tools, utilities for software test tech group.
design and test of energetic devices
lead the engineering department with a focus on increasing operational efficiency. design iot embedded wireless devices/solutions with cellular technologies (2g, 3g, 4g, lte m, nb iot, and 5g), wifi, and bluetooth. design schematics and layout for multi layer pcbs focused on industrial internet of things. code and program microcontroller firmware for devices utilizing commercial transmission buses and protocols manage submissions and coordination for product certifications in europe & us
i wrote documentation describing the interconnections of various flight systems to fulfill government contracts. i wrote engineering that called for the fabrication of interconnect cables that were used in a "mock up" lab that was used to verify an aircraft system before implementing the deliverable product. i worked closely with management to make sure the aforementioned lab was completed on time. on a schedule crunch, my coworkers and i worked diligently to deliver our product.
teaching assistant for two lower division physics for scientists & engineers courses; grader for two graduate courses (quantum mechanics, and fluid mechanics)
completing the packaging work of igbt(insulated gate bipolar transistor)
software and hardware
developing reference designs for energy transmission and distribution applications such as smart electricity meters, ultrasonic water level sensors, phasor measurement units, capacitor bank controller, etc. technical point of contact for customer projects in power transmission and distribution
assisted in adapting the stats medic curriculum for general education senior statistics. started an extracurricular math team which joined the city of chicago math league. reintroduced ap computer science principles with a new curriculum and course structure, as well as reformatting the gen ed cs curriculum. collaborated with faculty members to evaluate student performance, behavior, and career goals while addressing diverse backgrounds.
i worked in the bootloader team at bosch. i was involved in the design, development and implementation of a module which was used to remotely program the microcontroller without any human intervention. this module was specifically meant to facilitate firmware over the air(fota) projects. programming the bootloader for electronic control units(ecu) was in c. the development of the module was done in a linux environment and was developed using java, c++ and lua for scripting.
i currently work with a cross functional team to implement lean six sigma methodologies and improve process output while reducing waste. in addition to this i maintain the quality database, will do incoming inspections related to quality, aid in the implementation and verification of new machinery, produce documentation in accordance to iso9100 standards, and perform computational analysis on plant capacity and process models.
deck watch officer aboard a one hundred and fifty-four' cutter homeported in honolulu, hi. responsible for cutter scheduling and mission execution of search and rescue and fisheries enforcement. oversees all deck, communications and navigation equipment, the cutter boat, rescue and survival gear, weapons, and law enforcement programs. supervises eight e3 e6s. manager of $two hundred,zero unit budget.
completed three semester long full time co op rotations where i had multiple responsibilities which increased in complexity every rotation. these responsibilities include: design and build fixtures that house the cameras and scanners program scanners and cameras to perform quality and quantity inspections in manufacturing processes. create ladder logic with plc's to incorporate visions systems in with the customer's manufacturing processes
developed a neural network based face detection system for resource constrained platforms and integrated the software in the miko two robot
calibration development support for cummins two.8l to 15l off highway engines. calibrate the engine control unit (ecu) software to meet specific custom application needs using engineering development tools. lead the real world field data analysis and simulation for control logic optimization and avoidance of false failures on the field. tune and validate both diagnostics and engine base features.
designed process flows and conducting process development for emerging infrared detector technologies led multiple process and tool qualifications to improve throughput and yield in ir detector production responsible for developing and maintaining fabrication processes in dry etch, photolithography, and other areas
lead engineer/budget owner/spc and updt leader in the cmp area. improved the cmp equipment oee, updt, mttr, mtbf and other key process parameters by implementing new systems and processes: utilized six sigma principles to identify and implement root cause fixes for chronic and potential problems while presenting and documenting engineering changes to a cross functional team of engineers.
· initiated the project to automate rating updates to cim incremental files and pss/e by converting autocad to autocad electrical. · researched and discovered applicable features of autocad electrical (ae) to help document detailed rating information. · established groundwork for rating updates by rebuilding one line symbols as ae templates; and redrafting three one line diagrams, including alvin, mainland, and central texas, as autocad electrical drawings.
i work on a team of engineers who design, build, and test space electronics, specifically those components operating at radio frequency. apart from supporting this team i have also been working a research and development project to determine the efficacy of a new substrate, with hopes it can be later used on new aircraft.
manage drafting team for special projects, including reverse engineering, supplier interface, cad translation, and product lifecycle management (plm).
in charge of test system development of control electronics for indian satellites
job role as a validation engineer, i was tasked with the design and development of automated test cases using python, for validating key sub modules of a server platform. i also collaborated with the continuous integration team in improving the automated test framework.
mainly sales, but also customer service, tech support, in house automation, software testing.
i interned in the system protection group to automate the transmission energy grid to automatically isolate and clear faults on the system as well as monitor and analyze all faults including lightning and other damages
created testing plan and fixture to test atherectomy device in development to identify use risks and failure modes; analyzed particulate coating data from atherectomy device using minitab to determine efficacy of coating material in comparison to predicate coating; performed minitab statistical analyses on testing data from angioplasty balloon catheter to determine normality and capability indices; conducted rta tests on peripheral vascular products to ensure design elements met product specs
electrical engineer supporting existing and new analog circuit designs.
manages 3rd party engineering contractor and oversees execution of engineering and design deliverables to ensuring they meet company standards and specifications, as well as all applicable codes. evaluates material and equipment bids along with 3rd party firm recommendations to select the best option that meets project and company requirements. supports construction team in resolving requests for information, as well as any other issues that may arise. leads monthly ee practice group meetings.
four years plus experience in mri rf medical devices in design, circuit simulations, pcb design, rf antenna, passive filters, and rf power amplifier design, . lead five reliability improvement projects of mri coils (receive/transmit and receive only) as a lead design engineer. subject matter expert in transmit/receive coils. worked in well recognized project called bridge for reliability improvements on transmit/ receive coil at philips and earned recognition awards.
module responsible engineering authority (rea) for the payload electronics department responsible for validating customer requirements through testing, analysis, and simulation provide technical support for circuit design development and updates analyze mission requirements through worst case circuit analysis (wcca) develop and execute test procedures for ambient and environmental testing (electromagnetic interference (emi), vibration, and thermal vacuum)
nine/eighty work schedule
worked in the r&d testing division of bosch rexroth supporting the testing operations on current test cells and developing a data acquisition system(daq). the daq was used for testing of hydraulic pumps in the new test cell acquired by the group. the daq was thirty% cheaper than the market options and fully tailored to the group's needs. as an intern, the responsibility in this project was to design the system, procure parts, create wiring diagrams for the connections, and assemble the daq.
developed novel assay to quantify gross soil protein depolymerization based on a 15n isotope pool dilution technique using mass spectrometry (gc ms). analyzed chemical and genomic data using custom built tools in python, and contributed to scientific manuscript preparation and review.
one. bioinspired sand burrowing robot rapid prototyping and programming; two. evaluated robots’ moving performance by tracking their movements using opencv and conducting data analysis
responsible for designing, developing, modifying, evaluating and integrating electronic components for complex, high performance hardware systems. use high level programming language to configure programmable logic devices. application of skill sets including digital, fpga, dsp, rf, and control systems knowledge.
supported acetate yarn production designed an acetate yarn spool cutter and doffing mechanism for quality control. spearheaded a pipe tracking project to replace paper documentation with scanners and barcodes.
soon after my graduation from ned university, i was offered a full time job at one of the power generation company in karachi, pakistan. it has total generation capacity of one hundred and twenty-six mega watts. i worked there for almost three months then i resigned and immigrated to usa.
developed an automated data analytical tool using tableau software to generate metrics on customer return data. participated in data review meetings to drive turnaround time metric down to a fourteen day target
from electrical/controls technician to an assembly team coordinator role on machinery assemblies with scope including welding, mechanization, electrical/electronic assemblies, electrical cabinet assemblies, electrical drawing designs, plc programming, and electronic board designs. designed differentiating technologies including new rack of parallel data processing computers. interacted directly with clients to increase customer satisfaction and drive sales.
provide technical direction to production shops for troubleshooting equipment issues and ensuring operational efficiency prepare comprehensive documentation for production processes, outlining the necessary materials and their procurement requirements engage proactively with production shops, engineers, and vendors to ensure seamless workflow and optimal collaboration conduct research and resolve issues related to repair and maintenance procedures for submarine navigation systems
i am a dsp firmware engineer in the heterogeneous computing team at qualcomm india. i am working on an ipc called fastrpc through which we allow clients to offload their tasks onto hexagon dsp.
two thousand and seventeen graduate of eedp program. while on the program, i got the chance to accelerate professional and technical development by completing ge’s advance courses in engineering and a variety of business critical engineering assignments.
developed and maintained an understanding of electric power system automation and industrial control systems, including related protocols and standards, serial and network communications, security, and logic programming. assisted in customer technical support including installation, commissioning, troubleshooting, and operation of automation and control systems, specifically for the sel real time automation controller (rtac), acselerator rtac software, and acselerator diagram builder software.
assist with investigations and setup of electronics systems pertaining to investigatory work.
tutored university students in calculus and pre calculus
one. designed electro hydraulic power system from creating hydraulic diagrams to mechanical manufracturing. two. integrated a hydraulic power unit with a electrical system to automate the hydraulic system. three. implemented outsourcing to assure the quality and do trial runs at customer site for equipment installation. four. executed cross functional communication and wrote technical guidance for electro hydraulic power systems
designed and implemented an algorithm to compute the heading of a vehicle from a magnetometer. worked on other assigned projects, including automating the process of generating error code documentation and investigating the use of alternative build systems for various products.
created automated solutions for manufacturing. developed functional circuit board fixtures. for each circuit board fixtured created all mechanical parts in solid works, designed the electrical components for all fixturing along with the schematics. wrote all the automated test software for each individual fixture. deployed each fixture remotely and supported all legacy fixtures. each fixture life expectancy around ten years.
·redesigned the tests that measure signal processing time and system switchover time of deltav software and hardware for the systems integration unit in the process systems solutions division ·the redesigned system saves over one hour per test, allows for an additional test to be run a day, and can be run fully remote. overall, the two week test has been shortened by approximately three days
worked on electric reliability of the grid. worked with sel controls and programing them. coordinated fuses to best address faults in the system.
during this internship experience, i worked heavily with the firmware development team, and identified and fixed potential code vulnerabilities using static code analysis. additionally, this role involved mitigating bugs and defects within numerous different repositories.
worked on a team to design and test a small, inexpensive radar system to detect a midsized sedan in poor weather conditions collaborated with the team to lay out high isolation, mixed signal pcb optimized for s band signal configured programmable real time units (pru) to enable data capture at up to two hundred mega samples per second (msps) programed dsp application in python including optimized fast fourier transform (fft) and neyman pearson threshold detection
tutor students on a one on one basis in subjects including engineering, mathematics, and science.
electronic hardware design for aerospace lrus
i was the numerical modeling (fea, spice) resource and technical lead for three engineering teams. the teams were split between three manufacturing companies selling equipment for petroleum exploration. i wrote acoustic processing routines for embedded harsh environment electronics, as well as assisted in the design and goals at the system level. the systems involved the time critical control of pneumatic sound sources, piezoelectric acoustic receivers, and the acquisition of data therein.
development of tool to predict motor performance as function of solid propellant geometry (matlab) development of test data processing tool (matlab) transcription of drawings to cad assemblies in creo motor performance specification update
operate broadband laser ranging and multiplexed photonic doppler velocimetry systems to collect data on position and velocity of explosively driven dynamic experiments.
worked with rtl design team in building a 5g modem. was involved in front end flows and design architectures.
graded class projects and collaborated with instructor to create class assignments assisted students during office hours with operating systems/c++ queries ran a sixty student discussion section in which topics related to the course were covered
managed virtual hardware in the loop initiate for active safety division allowing for realistic testing platform prior to developmental hardware
worked on grounding system models, relay panels, red line drawings, electronic monitors for load tap changers, and fiber optic networks for electrical substations.
fpga design and verification engineer working with systemverilog and universal verification methodology (uvm) to verify fpga design requirements and discover and implement fixes for firmware bugs.
test, commission, and maintain protection and controls of medium and low voltage power systems
developed air measurement, torque control, and boost control calibrations on supercharged v8 and twin turbo v6 engines. responsible for drive quality performance on three cylinder small sedans for china market. calibrated engine speed control feature for three cylinder small sedans for china market. calibrated driver torque request feature for three cylinder small sedans for china market.
worked as a mortgage loan officer, commercial real estate consultant, and realtor during this time.
created rf circuit boards and collected gps data to analyze effectiveness of prototyping techniques.
i completed my summer internship at havelsan a.s. my main tasks included: work on ssl/tls vulnerabilities, cyber attacks and prepared related research paper programming in python and java to simulate different types of cyber attacks
project management and evaluation of power plant performance, some work with controls.
working in the field of electric power steering for passenger vehicles, my roles included in vehicle testing, software and calibration development, model simulation, requirements management, debugging, and customer service.
participated in the abb engineering rotation program, gaining exposure to various roles, geographical areas, and businesses around abb. these roles include: rotation one: r&d engineer rotation two: advanced manufacturing engineer rotation three: r&d software development engineer
product model engineer: responsible for the development, release, and support of packaged power amplifier models.
l4 compute system in house hardware design from scratch, define the high level product spec with software/mechanical engineers; x86 cpu and arm based platform design, including pcie switch, ethernet switch, safety mcu and gpu module board hardware design and bring up; co work with layout house and cm to work from pcb stack up design, pi/si related layout review and all the way to manufacturing, system bring up and validation; lattice cpld programming for whole board power control.
cbrn (chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear) specialist, stationed in two thirty-five in, 3rd bde, 25th in.
aircraft requirements (seven hundred and seventy-seven 8f)
support the design, development, and field integration of various load stability system (lss) products.
started as a sort of junior engineer. ended as a senior engineering associate, performing both technical work and managing eight junior engineers. please see resume for more detail.
assisted on r&d work for the design a chemical sensor array system implemented with metal oxide gas sensors. performed electrical tests of the power supply modules of the printed circuit (pc) boards. ordered electrical components according to bill of materials (bom), assembled and soldered pc boards. additional information on attached resume
worked as an integral part of the engineering team to design a product that met structural requirements of construction and forestry machines. used finite element analysis to evaluate new designs of structural components, from simple brackets to entire front ends of large machinery. implemented john deere structural standards to ensure safe deployment of new designs. correlated strain gage history data and finite element analysis results to predict new component life.
operator/control of generation units, substation, dam, and auxiliary systems using scada systems. execution of normal and emergency maneuvers, procedures in the dam, coordination with ecuadorian national electricity operator (cenace) and supervision of maintenance work orders.
contributed to development of automated testing tools in java for the apache helicopter program. developed real time software models of existing hardware for use in testing environment communicated across agile teams to gather software requirements for v6.five of the apache
operation and maintenance of the transmission network of comcel – colombia, including ran, geran and satellite implementations. o&m of the packet core network for 2g and 3g networks based on sgsns and ggsns nokia. o&m of ip backbone network based in cisco platforms for the mobile network implementation. administration of fw for the paco deployment over checkpoint equipment.
develop online courses for various online platforms on subjects including python programming and deep learning co teach programming seminars with neueda for companies looking to upskill employees
application engineer for synopsys ic compiler ii and fusion compiler implementation products. my primary roles are development and deployment of the hierarchical implementation flow in ic compiler ii and fusion compiler. this involves interaction with customers to understand design flow challenges and requirements and create requirement specification to r&d teams. perform complete project validation and deploy the features to customers. in addition i support customers in design closure
i work to diagnose and resolve field issues resulting in broken components or in flight shut downs for eight different commercial engines. i also design and analyze bearings and seals for pratt's legacy commercial engines. i am also helping to develop a tool that uses ansys and modal analysis to design seals.
learned the basics of internet of things (iot) and big data analytics with hadoop from hewlett packard enterprise (hpe), and artificial neural networks and deep learning from the nus school of computing received grade 'a–' upon project completion
handle all engineering aspects of level one, level two, level three and level four projects under maine public utility commission chapter three hundred and twenty-four for versant power. preform screens and prepare a preliminary review of potential impacts of der interconnection to the utility grid to advise prospective client regarding project viability.
designed electrical harnesses for national security and commercial satellites using creo schematics and excel. generated bill of materials, wirelists and install documents for multiple spacecraft. assisted in supervising and guiding a summer intern.
responsible for care management product development
teaching assistant/grader for: ee one hundred and one: introduction to electrical engineering and ee 201l: digital electronics laboratory. record and manage digital files and make instructional videos on laboratories, involving theoretical microelectronics (microchip analysis, logic gates, boolean logic, truth table analysis and construction, and circuit schematics) and multisim circuit wiring. grade assignments and labs.
creation of electrical design rules for pad mounted distribution transformers up to 500kva and 200kv bil, and fea electric and magnetic models using comsol for power transformers 550kv bil.
troubleshoot, maintain, and calibrate shipboard control systems through test verifications. configure, program, and tune complex control systems under concept of operations. collaborating with other electrical, mechanical, ship control systems, and system engineers to develop control logic and define interface requirements. maintaining back ups for computer systems, plc programs by monitoring and optimizing control system operation through system log files, operator screens, historical
cae inc. is a canadian manufacturer of simulation technologies, modelling technologies and training services to airlines, aircraft manufacturers, healthcare specialists, and defence customers.
worked as a software engineer on backend web services. designed and implemented a monitoring system for machines in our clusters. allowed us to see machine health metrics, latency measurements for service calls, and error messages. the source of monitoring system data was application logs and service logs. system was able to process ten tb of logs per day. tools used to build the system included amazon elastic mapreduce, apache hive, and presto.
coordinate among team members from engineers and technicians to solve the current project. reverse engineer old equipment to adapt to the evolving manufacturing equipment and other changes. using software autodesk fusion three hundred and sixty to design or reverse engineer design parts that will be manufactured with a cnc or other equipment. leading as an engineer in establishing a new production line (the product is a double panel window (one panel is a low emission) with a poly frame. modifying and preparing col
engaged in scripts writing for creating and adding nodes such as bts, bsc, rnc, nodeb, and enodeb to msc servers supervised installation and maintenance of msc servers, media gateways, packet switched nodes and home location registers. carried out acceptance tests of interconnected nodes on the call servers and the home location registers participated and contributed in the mobile number portability iot tests with multi operators
ipt (integrated product team) ai&t (assembly integration and test) lead for zeus, high bandwidth rf irad (internal research and development), and rapid eo programs. leads an interdisciplinary team of engineers to execute ai&t functions for the above programs. test flow, hardware and software design, and schedule responsibilities. lead designer for cornerstone modular eighty%+ smallsat sv level test system, inherited by saucony and sda tracker programs, to be used in the developing smallsat factory.
direct firmware, test, and manufacturing design process of various iiot (industrial iot) converters. design smart industrial controllers capable of communicating through modbus tcp/ip, ethernet/ip, profinet, mqtt, io link and more.
design avionics and ground support cables to be manufactured as part of new program design. generated bill of materials for drawings. select appropriate parts for cables based on signal requirements. test and check out flight hardware of system and subsystems at all levels of integration at lockheed martin and customer sites for delivery to customer. participated as an on site subject matter expert for missile test launch to address any issues with my assigned system before launch
contact academically at risk ucf students via phone and email to offer guidance regarding degree requirements and available on campus academic resources to increase retention and graduation rate. all students contacted and advised are recorded and used to track both individual progress and overall graduation and retention rate.
created circuit design schematics for test related electrical fixtures and connectivity cabling using autocad. developed, modified, and implemented software to execute automated electrical testing of pcbs and ics. conducted electrical analysis of test requirements for analog, mixed signal, rf, and power circuits.
my role in the undergraduate research opportunity program was to lead academic research by conducting all essential mice work, data analysis, and present the results. researched effects of absent acetylcholine receptor in bone injected shots, preformed tibia loading, conducted dexa scans on mice dissected mice and polished bones to be able to take microscopic images to observe bone growth analyzed three point bending to determine mechanical properties of bone
development of characterization tests for gan semiconductors and leading application reliability test specifications for new gan semiconductors.
i primarily held office hours for both lecture and laboratory materials to help students engage further with material. i also graded assignments and exams and helped manage laboratory setup.
delivering computer vision, natural language processing (nlp), programming, and machine learning services, addressing specific needs of various departments and services such as crm, hr, legal, engineering, and finance maintaining robust etl pipelines from azure databricks data warehouses, enabling real time data processing. catering to the critical needs of the engineering department and financial planning objectives spearheading the integration of large language models (llms)
please see my resume.
designed multiple products which included pcb design, wire routing, and mechanical design, including: a wavelength specific flashlight, wifi enabled distraction device, and many others using tools such as solidworks and diptrace first to implemented pick and place pcb assembly practices for in house product manufacturing root caused esp8266 software integration issue, which was leading to intermittent connectivity issues to wifi router
improved cable inspection documentation process for the navy by forty% through creation of a new tool receiving recognition from management revised cable drawings and 3d models using solidworks pdm for the triton mq 4c
in my role as an engineering calculus tutor, i explained complex calculus concepts and problem solving strategies to individuals and small groups, adapting my teaching methods to accommodate various learning styles and skill levels. i provided engineering students with guidance on homework assignments and exam preparation, receiving positive feedback for my clear explanations and patient tutoring approach.
i worked as a test program developer for end of line manufacturing testing to ensure manufactured products are calibrated to rated specifications and screened for defects. i also helped to develop tester fixtures and accompanying hardware to aid in end of line testing and manufacturing.
supervising conveyor installations, civil structural work and waterproofing
(one) supervise a bluetooth qualification test facility (bqtf) and wi fi authorized test laboratory (atl). (two) review allocations, team member capacities and work with other managers to create detailed project work plans from estimated scope of work. (three) create/maintain test scope & release plan. (four) demonstrate up to date technical expertise in bluetooth classic and low energy to clients. (five) conduct consultations with clients regarding design and testing approach.
one) developed and trained xgboost ml model to categorize project risk levels based on construction language such as request for information (rfis) two) evaluated and improved cnn model based on construction jobsite photos to predict real time project safety hazards (collaboration with smartvid.io) three) conducted anomaly detection with gaussian mixture and time series combined models to monitor data quality on autodesk core enterprise datasets
analyzed and modeled industrial site energy consumption data to identify how and which combined heat and power (chp) system would be capable of meeting site electric and heating demand, support economic operation, increase reliability and reduce carbon footprintin
i perform analyses on eye tracking data to study gaze strategies during complex activities. i perform most of these analyses in python. i am also working on an eye tracking data processing pipeline with my teammates.
lead systems engineer primarily responsible for architecting, implementing, certifying, and deploying multiple communications protocols (“waveforms”) on various collins aerospace software defined radio (sdr) products.
at ucla's experimental space physics department, my primary responsibilities involve managing the system design for a new generation satellite bus. i collaborate with scientists to create space instruments, including a high frequency loop magnetometer and a radio occultation unit. additionally, i provide guidance to undergraduate students on the electrical team.
assisted logistics management to inventory equipment. ensured classified labs were in compliance with security requirements.
developed digital, analog, and mixed tests for components on production boards by using agilent medalist software. verified testability using test expert. designed and constructed a circuit board to test for fused relays on ni pxi two thousand, five hundred and thirty-two, a matrix switch module, using ni switch executive and ni max software, saving the company nearly $thirty-three,zero.
supporting acceptance and qualification testing of high reliability flight control systems designing hil test systems that emulate electrical characteristics of high performance aircraft facilitating control surface actuator requirements verification on multiple programs troubleshooting diverse mechanical and electronic problems to ensure strict schedule adherence
analyzing the ovarian tumor tissue images for their usefulness in predicting the prognosis of ovarian cancer patients with advanced risk (i.e. late diagnostic age and stage) with deep learning algorithms. analyzing the spatial transcriptome of cancer tissues of different subtypes of ovarian cancer with different patient outcome by leveraging programming in python and r.
mentor and provide support to new team members verify and refine requirements in coordination with requirements team lead implementation of new software and debugging efforts continued all responsibilities listed in software engineer i
many projects for mechanical engineering courses required rapid prototyping, and as student manager of this lab space, i helped students with designing and 3d printing their ideas. this included making adjustments to their existing cad files and finetuning parameters in the 3d slicers to guarantee that each print was successful.
i tutored math, helped with computer problems, and a few high school level science topics.
led product development timing meetings with tier one suppliers to deliver quality parts to the assembly plants provided technical engineering support for the brake systems in high performance vehicles designed and 3d printed an etas six hundred and ten module tester which reduced bench testing time by ninety%
expand wireless communications and dsp skills acquired in undergraduate curriculum and apply them in a various real world contexts. leverage software knowledge using gnuradio, matlab, and c++ to develop prototypes and research new ideas in wireless comms.
served as a dsp subsystems engineer working digital products for satellite systems. responsibilities included: developing, verifying, and validating requirements; data analysis; product development; project management; and cross functional collaboration.
assisted with design and implementation of summer two thousand and fifteen space robotics competition hosted on the international space station programmed spheres satellites using c programming language on an online interactive development environment tested hardware on spheres satellites by ensuring satellites behaved according to programming simulations mentored and organized activities for teachers and students (approximately seven hundred students and teachers in multiple states) hosted weekly webex conferences
oversaw the manufacture of printed circuit boards for use in telecommunications equipment. tune six pole cavity filters. test products using various equipment such as oscilloscope, spectrum analyzer, network analyzer, noise figure meter, etc.
gained valuable plant experience at warren truck assembly plant performed wind noise and water testing on vehicles tracked the progress of all program launch projects and warranty issues that were applicable to the plant
created course content of microcontrollers for professor panigrahi. completed future laboratory assignments to test how they would work for the class. created a technical comparison sheet for microcontrollers.
essential duties of position: build an understanding of the business, products, services, and customers the role supports participate in day to day operations and perform job related tasks as assigned participate in planning and implementing projects in accordance with directions, timeframes, scope, and budget assist with document preparation and review gain proficiency in internal software and database systems propose suggestions for improving customer service or internal processes
lead deep architectural discussions to create world class solutions built on aws while ensuring solutions are designed for successful deployment in the cloud for enterprise customers in northern california.
amd server hardware design(amd g34/c32 cpu) and server system boards design; power consumption budget planning for the whole board and vrm solution selection; solid debug ability with oscilloscope to fix issues like timing, power leakage; co work with manufacturing sites for dft/dfm issues; orcad/cadence/polar eda software usage.
the product owner and lead engineer of ebay's data model and data classification as a service platform. work as a full stack software engineer, migrate existed php code to raptor.io (java springboot) and muse (react.js) framework. work with ebay nap team to develop the application to help deploy stateful database application to ebay tess (kubernetes) platform.
design and implementation of algorithms for simulation software for power distribution companies
integrated off the shelf components to develop a small, inexpensive, and real time imaging satellite platform. connected the communication subsystem with the onboard computer using an spi connection to transmit data at 2mbps with one watt output and two.forty-five ghz frequency. successfully designed and built the entire atlas one’s bus and payload.
trained on java cloud domain and finished an oracle java se eight programmer i in that process. worked with spring boot, angular six, devop tools. deployed java applications on aws services. currently aiming to clear the aws associate developer certification
test technician and performed an analysis of the data. interfaced with engineers and made suggestions on product development based on analysis of data
worked primarily on feature documentation and resolving defects for a c++/linux based distributed network controller for wireless networks ranging from wifi to 5g.
worked remotely from dayton, ohio due to covid. i worked in their avionics department writing primarily ada and python code. i also was responsible for creating high level requirements and creating testing suites for the features our team would implement.
as an electronic engineer asc. at lm aero, i have worked on the f thirty-five and f sixteen program. some of my responsibilities include analyzing stability events, providing troubleshooting guidance to customers, supporting product lifecycle management, revising and processing supplier design change and variance documentation for development, and performing tests and simulations for new electronic equipment.
i was a server and shift leader at a five star restaurant where we provided excellent service to our guests.
assisted with research on developing artificial sei layers by comparing electrolyte fit with cathode and sei materials. participated in the manufacturing of coin cells and conducted life cycle tests to analyze coin cell performance and morphology changes. developed an understanding of viewing coin cell test data and worked for performance enhancement. learned laboratory skills utilizing machineries such as utilized pinflow, mixing machine, coating machine, glove box, and testing machine.
work on an engineering team to design and develop a product. author software requirement documentation for desired features. aid in electrical architecture design and component selection.
oversaw installation and modified plant documentation of new ups system providing backup power for substations. programmed new/updated logic for close/trip conditions on motor/feeder protection relays for mcc and switch gears. automated sap extraction of maintenance plans for plant equipment using vba and powerbi. determined wire and conduit sizing for equipment installation to circuit breakers and disconnects, in accordance with nec. analyze and update one line, motor control, and dcs c
responsible for assisting students during class, proctoring labs, grading assignments, and holding office hours for the assigned class each semester.
lead multiple projects across the business that require leadership, organization, and communication skills . ensured electric pole designs adhered to grade b standard using poleforeman created reports for projects, including cost and materials, using asset suite eight and hyperion developed projects in ted cegis for overhead/underground power distribution to meet construction/engineering standards and increase reliability of the electric grid
as an emulation specialist, i was responsible for analyzing, defining, testing and deploying hardware assisted acceleration and emulation with veloce verification computing solutions. as part of a world wide team of veloce product experts, analyze and improve emulation solutions for pre and post silicon soc validation, verification and software bring up. i develop and deliver technical presentations on new features and product updates. i work closely with area sales management, account teams an
developing and improving software defined radio systems for cutting edge communications performance with a heavy focus in wireless channel modeling.
pcb design, implementation, and testing allowing for interfacing with various iot platforms creating data sheet from scratch, enabling team to communicate hardware
systems engineering lead for a team of ~twelve engineers developing cybersecurity workshops for defence acquisition university. developed system level requirements that reduced testing time and improved development speed by over thirty% my team developed from scratch hardware to host one hundred+ student vms, software to demonstrate exploits and vulnerabilities, and documentation to facilitate knowledge transfer.
i was trained in each department within the factory, preparing me for a future leadership position in the company. i worked on several process optimization projects, served as a backup supervisor, attended several training events and gave a presentation to the executive team describing my accomplishments and summarizing my experiences.
developed a testing tool designed to bring new testing capabilities into test cell and vehicles. later on, assisted in getting the tool in production to be used by engineers within the organization.
this project was done under the guidance of seller fulfillment services team at amazon. developed a seller/carrierperformance analytics engine platform launched in the global amazon network. this involved working with aws technologies and building complex technical designs to cope with an enormous customer base.
test fixture development for command destruct receiver: developed and designed (in mentor xpedition) the hardware architecture for a test fixture to increase manufacturing throughput from a single unit to six units at a time to meet increase throughput of expensive testing resources (tvac chambers, etc.) spacecraft test development: cygnus, restore l, worldview legion, stp acceptance, design verification, and qualification test procedure development of radio communication transceiver modules.
assisted in student learning of circuits i, circuits ii and other ece courses helped students’ study for major ece test outside of paid hours
learned expedition and hyperlynx mentor software. learned about different types of circuits commonly used. worked with engineering team directly on projects. did things such as timing analysis, esd testing, designing led boards.
analyze circuit schematics of train power devices. collaborate with other engineers to design hardware that interfaces with the utt and test system. finally, intentional faults are applied to the utt for the test system to detect.
designed electrical panels using autocad electrical, programmed plcs (programmable logic controllers), and programmed hmis (human machine interfaces) to fully integrate and automate packaging tasks in a customer's factory.
this internship involved learning designing pcb designing and it's fabrication. successfully designed and fabricated pcb for avr micro controller programmer.
entry level software engineering position with responsibilities in the design, development, testing, maintenance, and delivery of software for the sensor fusion subsystem aboard the f thirty-five fighter jet with a focus in state estimation algorithms. this role involves constant on the job learning about the fields of statistics, state estimation, signal processing, and software architecture as they apply to problems to be solved.
member of the data capture solutions group (dcs). develops products such as image capture technology (high speed interfaces, image sensors, laser safety control). collaborates with software teams to create drivers for various peripherals, e.g. battery chargers, sensors, usb controllers. designs, develops, and tests a variety of assignments that constitute a portion of a larger project. i.e. processing board of a scanner, scan engine (sensor + optical elements) for a handheld terminal.
developed method to project ground view object detections to geospatial coordinates and obtain the velocity and bearing. used deeplabv3 and u net to perform semantic image segmentation for roads. applied orb, kaze feature descriptors and brute force feature matcher to output masks of the image segmentation networks.
testing engineer for in house products overseeing all electrical, mechanical, and software testing
developed and analyzed rf simulations for wireless system generated requirements for wireless technology generated test plans for rf simulation verification developed hardware requirements for autonomous hardware architecture collaborated with supplier for autonomous and monitoring system hardware assisted future work on monitoring systems
developed an automation framework to process output data from a variety of usb testers to a configured database, saving engineers hours of work created automation to streamline usb compliance results across several product lines processed and visualized large amounts of data to efficiently conduct diagnostics
focused on image processing and hyperspectral imaging research. won second place at summer research symposium for "feature selection of hyperspectral imagery using naturally inspired metaheuristic algorithms for agricultural applications". presented a conference paper at ieee's two thousand and twenty igarss conference.
assembled manuals and training presentations for control panels and instruments supplied to customers. made updates to scada graphics and set up network of workstations which were deployed in the field.
researching plutonium aerosol dispersion
troubleshooting, maintaining, and running tel electrical test probers. experience working twelve hour nightshifts in a cleanroom environment. working with engineers to improve the software behind the probers.
conducted research with a faculty professor at west chester university. took and analyzed spectroscopy measurements of an led illuminated by a focused laser at various temperatures from room temperature to zero.one k in a cryostat.
developed a tool to improve efficiency and accessibility of static code analysis tools. presented static code analysis research to other sca analysts and iv&v staff. improved tool documentation and static code analysis training resources
assisted in the creation of new analysis methods for improving reliability for customers. used pivot tables to assist with the visualization of data for presentations. began the process of creating new software for contingencies in pss®e.
completed official training for intel’s quartus ii software developed a test tool for electronic warfare hardware in vhdl automated test modules, reducing hardware verification time by fifty%
transitioned client hr from sap to workday by creating new custom programs and adding features to existing interfaces to handle sap hr data. performed data maintenance with said programs/interfaces to fulfill client requirements for sap hr data.
developed cloud based data shaper proof of concept for exporting from internal data store as hl7 fhir resources
reviewed temperature recorder replacement design in main control room of lasalle nuclear plant supported automatic voltage regulator and factory acceptance testing assisted in design of power cable to be used in circuits in lasalle nuclear plant collaborated with the nuclear regulatory commission to adhere to proper standards for cable design updated wiring schematics for temperature recorder to include fuses in case of overcurrent
one. i conducted uav line detection experiment on nvidia jetson tx2 platform and used mavlink protocol to communicate between onboard hardware two. i implemented disturbance observer based integral backstepping controller on open source px4 firmware and modified px4 to support vicon data for uav in door navigation three. i conducted software in the loop (sitl) quadrotor simulation on jmavsim and gazebo platform four. i designed gazebo based course project for the graduate level course nonlinear control
consulting projects for mobile application development, feasibility. and prototyping. research and concept model building (reference resume portfolio for more details)
developed a web based real time monitoring tool for cisco unified communications manager (cucm) the heart of cisco's on premise collaboration portfolio. also implemented anomaly detection on the data collected.
strategically leads, coordinates, and collaborates with interconnected teams to develop intricate blocks, features, and architecture for complex tasks for diverse partnership projects, ensuring top notch quality, design completeness, and adherence to standards, for partnership projects such as qualcomm, nokia siemens networks, texas instrument, and freescale semiconductor
streamlined development of sound open firmware audio machine drivers for chromebook architectures. created an abstraction of platform specific driver configurations. developed accompanying application programming interface.
research intern at the systems engineering facility at the centre for nano science and engineering, iisc research focus on solid state gas sensors and applications. worked under dr. vijay mishra
during my time at l3harris as a software engineer, i worked on unmanned maritime systems and robotics. i worked on autonomous navigation algorithms, control, and hydrodynamics simulation along with metric aggregation for operators. my team was responsible for completing the first three thousand+ nautical mile transit of an autonomous littoral class combat ship.
was teaching the mechatronics courses tutorials
methodically completed over fifty thermal tests to investigate feasibility of increasing product operating range and consolidated data into a clear report assisted with fabrication of moisture sensors on a four inch wafer and practiced wire bonding supported electrical design projects by researching replacement parts, exploring schematics, and inspecting hardware layouts
supported manufacturing and testing systems at the savannah river site. much of the work involves programming control systems in labview. several projects would take an existing technology and modifying a unique purpose on site. for example, one project saw me creating a custom ui for a laser marking station and using a packet sniffer to discover hidden commands to the laser not included in the documentation.
compsci sixty-one: systems programming and machine organization
lectured undergraduates mathematics to engineering students (was on leave from lock haven university).
reduced engine turbine cfd (computational fluid dynamics) computation time by one/five by proposing modeling improvements for 1d turbine simulation to enhance cfd initialization. reviewed and documented nozzle simulation code from fortran codebase for migration to c++ simulator. wrote python scripts that optimized svn to git migration processes and trained team on migration. internship was extended part time until january two thousand and twenty-one
department: computers and control design group.
reverse engineer of foreign missile systems for u.s. intelligence community. specialized in reverse engineering fpga and microcontroller software.
assisted teachers in the classroom to develop and deliver stem lessons and projects. tutored students in algebra one, two, and pre calculus. team led summer school program for math classes.
i am an rtl design engineer working with pcie and serdes ip's.
integrated, validated, and released functional, analog and structural test content for xeon server soc while collaborating globally with cross functional teams including design, validation, software, high volume manufacturing, and fabs
led design consensus review meeting detailing aircraft system integration. responsible for designing harness routing for various aircraft. in person and remotely interfaced with partner companies in and out of the country.
fix computer and network problems. design and modify applications in oracle sql and perl. database maintenance.
manage powertrain/hydraulics team within new product development department lead vehicle engineer for battery electric vehicles
i started first as a fab quality engineer aiding in semiconductor manufacturing optimization and problem solving. i have since been rotated into a failure analysis role where our lab receives failing parts and have to reverse engineer to find root cause.
worked as an electronics technician for the canadian forces (navy) for nine years. in halifax, ns and victoria, bc
power distribution and system controls engineer for water and wastewater treatment plants
truck driver in nyc and northern nj. self taught truck mechanic. residential boiler technician
i handled management tasks and worked with customers and internal teams to define software/ hardware requirements and took the lead on systems dvt project flow and work processes, as well as investigation of problem areas. i actively participated in r & d efforts and successfully produced solutions to specific customer or applications challenges. designed and validated custom system peripherals for instrument clusters used in automotive applications under aggressive time restraints.
vhdl design for power regulation systems used in plasma processing. troubleshooting of vhdl modules and testbench design using osvvm.
throughout my time with booz allen hamilton, i have performed diverse technical analysis for a wide range of government and commercial clients. the main focus of my work has been computational electormagnetic modeling and simulation, radio frequency and network engineering, cad modeling, coding, and more. i have worked on a transactional basis with the us army, us navy, us marine corps, us air force, dhs, dot, disa, cbp, fema, the austin airport, airdyne corp. and more.
conducted electronic warfare testing in four anechoic chambers
i owned my own electrical contracting business. i sometimes had part time employees to help with electrical installations for residential, commercial, and industrial settings. during the summer i would have so much work i had to recommend other contractors or decline the work. i used the money i made from the business to help pay for my degree, including books.
this internship involved learning the intricacies of thermal power generation. power plant visits helped understand each and every process involved in generating electricity beginning from raw coal till the distribution of electricity to various substations.
i was part of the system design engineering team of client ssd group, working on sata and nvme based ssds.
i have experience in selecting, staging, packaging, and loading orders efficiently. additionally, i am skilled in troubleshooting and diagnosing electrical problems using various testing devices, ensuring accurate and effective solutions. my ability to communicate with clients allows me to understand their electrical needs and concerns, providing tailored and satisfactory services.
perform testing and commissioning of electrical substation equipment: testing of relays using protection suite, enoserv rts, and custom test plans end to end testing adhere to general osha/ nerc/ ferc and site specific safety requirements utilize human performance techniques protection scheme tests/ program relay settings functional check of ac and dc elementary drawings functional check of instrument transformers verify and test current/ voltage transformers circuits
architected and developed new signal processing pipelines for advanced radar simulator (c++), enabling system level simulation of advanced radar ep (electronic protection) capabilities. added features to radar simulation to run a study on an essential ep algorithm and coordinated with various radar teams to present findings to program leadership. investigated and fixed technical, performative, and computational issues with radar simulator ep capabilities.
measured circuit properties such as gain and point of resonance using network and spectrum analyzers. designed schematics of an fpga test board using pads software. researched various ic's for digital and analog signal conversion. researched and programmed microcontrollers using freertos in order to replace obsolete boards of existing systems.
working on automated test sets and hardware designs for ground support equipment for air flight assets. software support and coding using visual studio, labview and various other programs, is needed for design and implementation.
after i graduated with my bachelor's degree, i was hired full time at american axle and manufacturing as a controls engineer. i programmed plcs (programmable logic controllers), diagnosed issues with control systems, plant floor networks, and backed up important industrial computers on the plant floor.
developed a prototype of a smart scope for an intra company competition for interns. this scope aids the user with advanced object tracking and target aiming with ballistic algorithms and was developed on raspberry pi using python
development of more than two hundred concept and detail engineering projects for low and medium voltage systems (110v thirteen.8kv). this includes calculations and specifications for: transformers sizing, wire and cable sizing, selectivity and reliability studies for protection systems, protection coordination, voltage drops, short circuit levels and other electrical parameters. coordination of engineering projects using cad software microstation and enterprise software sap to manage budgets.
leads international team on designing, validating, and manufacturing inertial sensing module for fully autonomous cruise origin vehicle. is owner of module and is in charge of development and compliance.
troublshoot advanced technial issues with students. create and present trainings on how to troublshoot issues and on common issues students would have. advocate student needs to executives, shareholders and developers. communicate growing needs with supervisors update documentation on resolving complex issues
while at kimberly clark i mainly updated cad electrical drawings, project checkout documents and safety validation documents . i also specialized in cognex vision systems and insight explorer software in the application of product quality. in particular, i developed a vision program to identify defects in product packaging.
completed two full time summer internships and part time remote work during fall two thousand and twenty-two semester characterized heat transfer phenomena in a powered cable stored on a reel; validated results against experimental data processed accelerometer data to generate shock response spectrum curves for environmental qualification testing authored test plans and technical reports to support system functionality testing for detecting ground faults in suboceanic cabling
electronic module validation digital lab
design , testing and analysis of boiler pressure parts as per bpvc code. various other codes such as asme, api, awwa and ptc are also extensively used.
design and testing of 3g, 4g and 5g packet core solutions for mobile operators.
matlab simulink model for electric vehicle motor gear shift control, power electronics development, ev pedestrian alert system, control module development,
manage projects throughout the lifecycle stages maintain dhf and dmr records. defining product requirements and verification and validation process. manage projects according to regulation requirements and quality standards. responsible for evaluating existing processes and configuring manufacturing systems improve sustainability and develop best practices within the production process.
worked alongside graduate research assistants on the national science foundation (nsf) supported project. optimized existing matlab scripts to visually display antenna lobes for user input antenna elements and scan angles.
member of silicon engineering team, part of focused account solutions team focused on improving products and developing solutions for specific customer needs developed infrastructure to automate various processes in layout design and physical verification, including design rule deck development
planned, executed, and controlled demand and distribution of supplies and infrastructure for large scale operations. assisted in preparation of project proposals, business cases and cost benefit analyses for large scale procurement and maintenance activities. performed risk analysis and management for various projects and operations. oversaw policy development and compliance, conducting regular audits and revisions. led and trained a team of one hundred+ members.
developed software for processing bond pricing information for ai prediction in python. also developed frontend and backend of bond management application in react and ruby on rails.
traveling position providing electrical discipline knowledge to basf locations across the united states. activities included low voltage (480v and below) design and design review, training, project scope development, audit preparation and gap analysis, and shutdown support.
chamber production and particle physics
advised and guided students on various graduate school programs, application processes, and scholarship opportunities. facilitated individual and group discussions to address students' questions and concerns regarding graduate school options. acted as a mentor to students, providing guidance on career exploration and leveraging personal network to introduce students to various professional opportunities.
generated new part introduction (“npis”) in xdm for manufactured parts introduced into raytheon’s library constructed bill of materials to perform health assessments for multiple programs created common use drawings for manufacturer’s parts in an effort to standardize products used among various programs monitored program systems to identify obsolescence risks, investigating potential mitigations for obsolete and near obsolete parts
redesigning the nasdaq ios application to allow users to maintain a portfolio of their stocks, commodities and mutual funds, suggest them better alternatives and integrate it with the nasdaq imessage extension to allow for instantaneous sharing
as a research and development co op at ethicon endo surgery, i was on a team that designed a cutting edge laparoscopic medical device. in my role, i determined the appropriate trigger spring for the device and designed testing equipment and managed the manufacturing of that equipment by an external supplier.
quality assurance for the landing pages of some vw vehicles which web page was developed by deutsch, also work on automation for cargo77 courier app.
i supported the james webb space telescope program on the command and data handling team. i created "mimics" in the eclipse editor ide of the command center that would provide engineers with controlling capabilities and status of parts on the telescope when it is in space.
worked on solar power related projects with aroha's litre of light program and un volunteers. installed and taught people to make solar powered lamps in pendri, navi mumbai. taught the students living in slums of turbhe, navi mumbai, basic english and mathematics, and the importance of hygiene. held workshops on how to make solar powered projects in many colleges around turbhe.
design electrical systems for recreational vehicles. working with household type energy systems, electrical systems on vehicles with combustion engines, and electrical systems on electric vehicles.
hour based contract with repeated contract extensions. possibility to continue with the company, but left due to personal relocation reasons. functional safety & quality assurance team at the mechatronics dept, porsche engineering. projects include but are not limited to: porsche taycan, porsche high power charge project across eu, audi regenerative braking, porsche rear axle steering, autonomous driving (adas) projects for a wide range of the mother company 'volkswagen' vehicles.
managed and oversaw thirty interns under the electromagnetic effects team and the electrical design and integration team. developed and validated requirements for various communication, sensor, electronic warfare and other electromagnetic systems and components. supported project management by providing work statement, budget, schedule and other required inputs and by reporting project status.
in charge or high throughput plant phenotyping in greenhouse. experimental design, data collection, analysis. use of advanced plant phenotyping technologies such as 3d laser scanner and drone multispectral field imaging, and analysis of data produced. design and development of custom tools for high throughput plant phenotyping using 2d or 3d image analysis to extract plant structures or colorimetric data related to plant health. software for device controls, feature extraction, and analysis.
aided in end of line functional test stand improvements redesigned test parameters to detect various compressor failure modes performed nvh analysis to track compressor failure mode vibration patterns
recruited by multinational automotive manufacturer with industrial operations in nearly thirty countries and commercial presence in more than one hundred and thirty markets. responsible for maintaining relationship between internal/external partners for +two hundred parts to deliver ultimate quality. analyzed monthly warranty data via excel to root cause uniformity fallout at assemblers. created a record of heat treat supplier locations to prioritize the team’s effort in obtaining annual quality assessment submissions.
collaborated with co workers and staff to prioritize tasks and ensure smooth dining court operation resolved conflicts among dining court employees and with customers demonstrated and promoted a culture of effective time management, punctuality, and responsibility
member of a rotation program which allows participants to rotated into three roles over the course of two years in product engineering roles. rotation one: sprayers electrical integration team august two thousand and nineteen april two thousand and twenty rotation two: hardware product validation and verification engineer april two thousand and twenty present
direct report is an intern working on improving thompson scattering diagnostic time resolution with machine learning
as an aerospace engineer in the advanced concepts team, i participated in early vehicle design phases through concept definition, trade studies, and multi disciplinary optimization with nasa, afrl, and gtri. i optimized launch vehicle trajectories using quickshot, an in house four dof trajectory simulation software, and utilized python libraries like pandas and scipy to analyze the feasibility of supersonic and hypersonic commercial flights.
responsible for design of ips for data transfers in lte/wcdma femtocell
worked in fixed access, radio access and transmission departments for site survey, equipment installation, network commissioning and testing services. technologies included multiplexers, optical network units, remote authentication servers, remote access servers, optical routers and switches as part of ngn network.
my main responsibility was assisting the head electrical engineer in formulating fire alarm control drawings using autocad two thousand and twenty-two and other software. i was responsible for completing smaller projects which were overseen by our regional design manager before being sent out to customers. i also partook in field work before design could happen and post installation fire alarm inspections. lastly, i served as the technical lead for my international intern team in the two thousand and twenty-two intern innovation challenge.
frequency planning and frequency converter design. printed circuit board design.
troubleshooting and working with small electronics inside of uav's and rockets. aided in the design of an electronics sled for a rocket and successfully assembled smd based pcbs. worked on a raspberry pi based oscilloscope, small electronics, and sensors, and used lora protocol to transmit data.
installed the company’s coin operated vending and arcade machines at specified locations. serviced the machines, fixed any mechanical issues they had.
· radar engineer focused on software integration, test, and tool development for autonomous vehicles o performance analysis of deep learning models for object detection using radar data o python tool development for training new deep learning models o evaluation of onnx model performance on deep learning centric hardware platforms o cloud deployment of performance evaluation and analysis tools using kubernetes and the google cloud api
i am currently a captain in the us air force. my job titles have ranged from radar analyst at the national air and space intelligence center, tactical signals officer for a deployed signals intelligence unit, avionics engineer for the delta iv rocket, chief of propulsion for the delta iv rocket, chief of business operations for space systems command, and, in my current assignment, project engineer for the air force research lab munitions directorate.
as an analytics engineer at the world's largest fiber cement manufacturer, i leverage advanced data processing tools to drive strategic decision making for the r&d department. by analyzing global production and revenue data, i provide senior leadership with actionable insights to set accurate goals and drive innovation.
determine the fail mechanisms of failing devices to assist in finding root cause and create corrective actions worked with cadence, circuit analysis, bench verification, deprocessing layer by layer die, etc.
perform electrical tests, verify design to requirements, and debug electronic sub assemblies during integration and final assembly of guided munitions. analyze and document results of current and temperature sensing monitors used in guided munitions. research dissimilarities and effects of batteries used in guided munitions after exposure to g forces using three d imaging software.
support programs with electrical engineering. analyze, design, and model control system modifications and new designs. support r&d projects with design, testing, verification and validation.
contributed to large software applications in a corporate agile software development environment. delivered challenging software projects that required proficient technical skills. lead the design team of product development of the summer intern project and demonstrated strong analytical, quantitative, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
provided electrical engineering support to the integrated supply chain responsible for building military aircraft processing units and displays.
assisted the design and implementation of an environmental test facility for flight hardware qualification testing supported facility design requirements documentation through detailed record of engineering drawings, component specifications, and thermal diagram of test facility produced an educational poster and presentation of test facility for future engineers and outreach program
responsible for the design and testing of rf circuits such as lna circuits, vcos & plls, rfics and crystal oscillators for infrastructure products as part of the rf small signal team.
i am working on asic development of memory controller hub (mc hub) and memory management units (mmu) for nvidia's upcoming hopper gpu architecture to enable hardware virtualization for multi core soc applications.
subcontracted to work at procter & gamble’s idea labs in cincinnati, oh worked daily with p&g engineers to develop new production lines for their family & homecare division. independently tested new manufacturing lines for estimated production numbers and potential hazards. wrote and presented smart learning reports to p&g engineers and management based on test data. later travel with plant installation team to oversee new manufacturing line installation.
worked as a research assistant at the smu department of mathematics. performed research on the dynamics of the power grid. conducted simulations of potential faults in power systems using analytical techniques including runge kutta methods and kalman filters.
completing my final semester bachelor's thesis on an international transfer. currently working on projects involving additive manufacturing, industry four.zero, decision support systems and nano safety.
at qualcomm, i am responsible for architecture design and development of qualcomm’s premium/high tier snapdragon chipsets (8xx/7xx) for mobile, automotive, and iot products, which also includes an end to end pre silicon architecture performance analysis for the chipsets.
developed and used big data analytics tools through tableau to identify q issues and improve quality processes worked with product experts to brainstorm for root cause analysis of quality issues created a seismometer using arduino, python, and electrical components made warranty rate and ku factor steering dashboards for top management in tableau devised an e learning program on proactive sensing and big data analytics for new users translated documents between english and japanese
developed a precise robotic cell operational method for grinding applications resulting in elimination of door frame weld burr/ expulsion residue implemented control procedures within sealer robots to limit both excessive material by twenty-five% and preventative maintenance by fifty%
hardware controls mixed signal/digital design engineer. control circuit design. fpga hdl design. create process procedures for module fabrication and investigate root causes behind field failures.
the sites technical resource to assist and troubleshoot automation and controls related issues.
introductory training to us space force's space operations career field. covered basic history, orbital mechanics, space environment, electromagnetic spectrum use, and various satellite systems
in this internship, i improved efficiency and ergonomics of work cells through implementation of redesigned workstations in the assembly area. this process involved making new designs in cad, getting them quoted, and finally proposing which designs should be chosen to fit the budget.
in this internship, i standardized the process of acquiring production equipment, resulting in an organized stream of procurement information. as a side project, i programmed and implemented a centralized database, allowing for accurate inventory tracking of spare equipment parts.
worked remotely at michigan tech for warrant technologies and saic to develop unique circuit board technology using uv laser systems.
purdue research experiences for undergraduates program work closely with advisor to perform tasks such as researching, technical writing, programming and troubleshooting. create, program and build hands on devices using adafruit flora, sensors, arduino and piezo.
health & fedciv business unit – esrd qip program for calculating of facility scores and payment with certain set of rules to pay to facilities for the treatment of patients. centers for medicare & medicaid services (cms) worked with statistical models (generalized regression and survival analysis) with r/sas for estimation and regression of health care provider scores. translated and developed statistical models (coxph and glm) for emr distributed multi core platform with pyspark using h2o a
tested a wide range of sic igbt and mosfet inverter power modules to identify behavioral characteristics for use in gm's emerging fleet of hybrid and electric vehicles and for competitive benchmarking purposes. performed static characterization, thermal impedance, and power cycling tests to determine device baseline behavior and dynamic response to extreme environmental conditions and accelerated aging. compiled, interpreted, and communicated test results to part owners to explain device b
responsible for technical architecture and advanced platform stability design for a cybersecurity analytics solution.
initially hired into the pathways intern program as a co op student in february two thousand and nineteen. converted to a full time civil servant engineering position upon completion of my bachelor's degree.
taught students how the arm cortex m0 hardware works, how to write assembly for armv6 isa, microprocessor concepts (interrupts, timers, dma, i2c, spi, uart, gpio) graded students' quizzes and labs
worked with altium designer, altium three hundred and sixty-five, and autodesk eagle with four individual iot projects and wrote procedural documentation for assembly, wiring diagrams, firmware updating procedure, and serialization of products. utilized simplicity studio five ide for embedded programming to alter code for performance adjustments with iot devices and flashing firmware to said devices during quality control testing. conducted circuit analysis and repair with units for rma and pcb assembly.
created autonomous system controller architecture utilizing matlab, simulink, and c code. integrated features to control vehicle states, power distribution, and battery stability by utilizing reactive design patterns. utilized stereo cameras to detect fiducials. familiar with cnns, point clouds, and lidar technology. developed software repositories from scratch to control a test system while integrating 3rd party components into the software architecture design.
drafted search reports for electrical, mechanical, aerospace, medical device, and nanotechnologies. drafted claim amendments, restriction requirements, various other office action responses, and information disclosure statement reports. drafted recommendations to supervisor regarding whether patent prosecution should continue.
supervise the maintenance of over forty vehicles, twenty generators, four troposphere communication devices, six line of site radios, two mobile satellite communication systems, and over three hundred other miscellaneous items. manage maintenance plans and operate maintenance coordination software. supervised seven mechanics and one maintenance production coordinator. developed yearly budget plans for preventative and non scheduled maintenance.
updated uvm tests to work with new firmware systems verified functionality of newly developed firmware created intern tracking systems to ease onboarding of new hires and interns presented to vice presidents, directors and managers new system functionality for onboarding new interns
lead electrical engineer for electromechanical controller projects. consult on other programs for sub system integration and defense electronics with a focus on power systems and electronics.
software engineering relating to signal processing
worked in a lab at the university of minnesota, researching geophysical flows and renewable energy.
developed a calibration module with manual entry and simultaneous data acquisition options for global automationtest equipment system using labview. designed a signal conditioning subsystem used in conjunction with lvdts to convert transducer mechanical position to a unipolar or bipolar dc voltage with a high degree of accuracy and repeatability. labjack daq's frequency input and analog output were explored using labview and lua scripting. method to determine relay bounce time was determined.
member of the engineering tech center organization responsible for ensuring the safe and economically effective delivery of compliant manufacturing, research, and administrative facilities for eli lilly worldwide.
i. transition the existing siem deployment from delivery to operation phase covering operational centers in four countries; uganda, zambia, rwanda and swaziland. ii. develop the existing siem deployment with additional event sources and monitoring. iii. defend the telecom operator network processes against the periodic annual audits performed by some of the big four auditing firms by providing process compliance evidences.
utilize rfid and bluetooth low energy principles to understand and interpret temperature data develop vba programs to simplify, calculate, and graph sensor data from rfid sensors build tire sections and embed epoxy encased rfid sensors into the sections mix, cure, and build epoxy samples to understand potential applications of various epoxies understand digital image correlation (dic) to create strain data on tire sections create autodesk inventor assemblies according to project and
one. initiated comprehensive assessment of quality verification based on doe, six sigma two. designed fixtures for testing purpose and verified the reliability based on mechanical vibration knowledge. three. built and improved current workflow by the means of gr&r, cg/cgk, and appropriate sops (capas).
lead an independent project in an orthopedic bio mechanics lab under the direction of a mentor and funded through the national science foundation. · performed mechanical indentation testing on human cartilage and used computational modeling in a finite element software, febio, to analyze data and determine material properties that were later replicated in methods of tissue engineering.
us government engineering work for the usda nrcs. see resume for details.
operated telescope from the control room to acquire astronomical data. assisted in establishing and maintaining complex operating configurations within specified operational and safety envelopes. developed and implemented methodology for the determination of fireball trajectories from all sky cameras. participated in observatory outreach events, including presentations, fundraisers, and classroom visits and other observatory tours. conducted presentations during open house star parties
debug plc code, test system functionality, integrate subsystems and assist in all on site commissioning efforts. write plc and hmi programs to satisfy current design and customer specifications. assist on site commissioning of complex fives material handling products, provide engineering support, and assist in system acceptance testing. work with fives engineers, customer representatives and third party vendor to ensure all aspects of a project are considered during both the d
entry level engineer. job tasks have included designing and updating schematics, wiring diagrams, and aircraft electric harnesses for multiple systems, conducting lab work and testing, 3d and optics modeling, selecting aircraft parts, and communicating with suppliers.
current continent lead for instruction decode unit on 7nm finfet power10 core. take charge in floorplan, pin assignment, movebound placement, and routing specifications. implement all necessary logic eco's as well as timing, noise, electrical, and pdv requirements for gate level signoff. write python/tcl scripts used for timing and layout productivity, including one (for timing optimization) that has been adopted for the entire p10 core. drive timing closure for internal continent and io paths.
code in embedded c, python, and go contribute to the cloud build and package pipelines
while working in dr. lauren priddy’s lab in the department of agricultural and biological engineering, i conducted research on magnesium alloys for bone fracture fixation. i performed secondary research to understand methods for measuring magnesium degradation; then, i designed and implemented an experiment to compare the in vitro degradation rate of magnesium alloys.
work in a team of three to help new international students during their semester in the us. lead a class of twenty-five freshman students and have monthly meetings with them. interview the new candidates for the position to select the qualified ones.
designed a space invaders video game with typescript via microsoft touchdevelop.
as a consultant to educational platforms, such as udacity, i utilize my specialized knowledge in the fields of cloud computing, deep learning, ai, programming, and my strong communication skills to provide project reviews and other student support services.
development of curricula across the business, technology, project management, robotics, and additive manufacturing programs deliver lectures to undergraduate students across multiple topics, facilitating classroom discussions
electrical metering and instrumentation. power plant maintenance.
this role was a subject matter expert role in computerized maintenance management system (cmms) and reliability engineering
end to end packet core soluton architect packet core solutions design based on bare metal or cloud nokia solutions for the apac region.
implemented a multipath channel and rayleigh fading simulator using c++ , xmidas , and matlab worked collaboratively in a linux environment with one other developer using git and a pre agile development cycle
responsible for the daily operations and maintenance of seven utility solar power plants across four states (mi, in, il, and oh), comprising of a total of one gw of power.
· innovation and industry four.zero activities for strategic decisions of the automotive industry in the state of nuevo leon. · research of electromobility technologies and advanced materials to assist triple helix projects · industry four.zero coordination of iot, big data and artificial intelligence projects for different companies
vc summer nuclear power station located in jenkinsville sc, produces electricity to about seven hundred,zero customers using a three loop design. in doing so, the integrity of the power plant must be maintained and operated in a safety manner while adhering to the nuclear regulatory commission guidelines. this power plant was formerly owned and operated by sce&g.
as a ta for circuit theory, i am responsible for accurately grading homework and lab reports in a timely manner for approximately fifty-five students. this also involves updating grades in blackboard (online grade recording) so students know how they are currently performing in the course.
i was hired on as an electrical engineering co op. my tasks revolved around the design of electrical single line diagrams that were then used for the development of arc flash tags per osha regulation. i additionally shadowed our main power engineer to learn more about project engineering.
created and designed a full stack web application for cross domain systems. learned how to connect the frontend, backend and database. researched various programming methods and built an application from scratch.
redlined changes and facilitated workflow for piping and instrumentation diagrams (pid), wiring and instrumentation diagrams (wid) and validation protocol. debugged ima® lyophilizer freeze dryer and automated load and unload system (alus) project files for the qualification of key lipid freeze drying for the storage of the covid nineteen mrna vaccine. proficiency in rockwell automation platforms (logix five, five hundred, five thousand and studio five thousand) and ge ifix scada.
designed and prototyped circuits to vary mutual and self capacitance for hwil testing of touch sensor asics. designed experiments to evaluate the interaction between the circuits and the analog front end of the asics. wrote python scripts to automate data analysis and experiments involving voltage and firmware setting sweeps. generated comprehensive documentation of research and experimental findings to serve as a guide for the development of a capacitive touch sensor simulation board.
i graded students’ assignments for an online ap computer science class. i met online with or emailed students to provide additional teaching or clarification when needed.
i did the following task related to an indoor cargo robot they produce: mapping an indoor office using parallax kit robot using embedded c reconstruct the robot using solid works identifying humans using a kinect connected to the robot
collaborated with valve group ii to design a test fixture used to test a variety of valve manifolds. wrote a driver in python to control spi push pull drivers depending on user input. user interface created using qt designer to fit ten.one touch screen. developed industrial controller for ul testing of electro pneumatic regulator used to control and read back three regulators in real time over a daisy linear network. coded in python on raspberry pi. connected via spi.
troubleshoot existing designs. assist in manual testing of hardware and software. prototype verification. create test reports. characterize video source components. signal integrity testing. documentation to support designs, fixtures, and procedures. develop and support applications using c, c#, c++, vhdl/verilog, and/or tera term programming languages. design and implement test fixtures or procedures.
worked on an engineering team to test prototype components and structures on the simons observatory project. conducted strength and temperature test on various designs for the telescope. helped design minor parts in solidworks.
electrical design for medical surgical equipment
i work integrating systems and debugging problems with the integration. all leg work to allow the standing up of the system and everything related to that.
worked on building a neural network based system to classify text articles based on the category of risk they belonged to.
as a government contractor at a national lab my work involved developing and evaluating the scanning equipment used by dhs agents at airports and points of entry around the country.
work directly with the fabrication lab director to manage the team, prototyping projects, lab upgrades, and more. driving innovation through the support of engineers and non engineers alike in the creation of their prototypes. assisted entrepreneurs with making their ideas into a reality through prototyping. upkeep fabrication lab tools such as laser cutters, carpentry tools, 3d printers, and more. note: did not work here summer of two thousand and twenty-two due to out of state internship
designed and implemented clocking for multiple subsystems on various socs and supported them through design lifecycles, including synthesis, verification, timing closure, and tapeout.
i managed a small team of four manufacturing engineers to develop the manufacturing process for a custom sixty-four channel lidar system used for autonomous vehicles. in house rapid prototyping required identification, procurement, and training on special equipment (die bonder, wire bonder, dynamic balancer), lab bring up, work instructions, training, and manufacturing execution system deployment.
product reverse engineering project leader for reverse engineering existing test fixtures for temperature interfaces, leveraging limited information provided by international organizations pcb design circuitry for upcoming refrigeration products used in semitrucks for perishable goods (altium) embedded software design creating wireless fuel sensors for diesel fueled refrigeration systems (microcontrollers, c and c++ programming) quality testing ipc a six hundred and ten acceptability of electronics asse
first half of my time at the company was training on how to use cadence tools for custom ic design flow and creating documentation for startups and college students to use for jumpstarting at cadence. next half has been focused on assisting creating design flows for customers in custom ic and multiphysics environment through virtuoso rf solution, as well as creating python, skill, and shell scripts for in house and customer use for design automation with our tools for design verification.
flour marine propulsion is the sole provider for naval nuclear propulsion systems in the united states. we design, test, and maintain naval nuclear propulsion systems for submarine and air craft carriers.
i was mainly involved in three projects related to industry four.zero implementations and digital manufacturing: research, optimization and automation of the laser beam welding process. development of a thermophysical numerical model of the electron beam welding process. development of an industrial machine analysis, monitoring and diagnostics infrastructure with a smartphone app to monitor the state of these machines.
plan, design and implement macro distribution power system. train and direct others on coordination and implementation on small project level.
worked with r&d team on hardware and firmware analysis of anew version of pui automotive tracking devices, built test setups, performed electrical measurements, and signal analysis. constructed and programmed serial data loggers (with microsd cards) for connection to rs232 to ttl converter to log data from different tracking device models. loggers were used by pui engineering team to log device status data and gps data. more details on attached resume
lead designer for two.0mm bone burr to reduce metal particulate in small joint spaces. designed an efficient burr for cutting of bone cartilage, osteochondral debridement, and osteophyte resection using design control and gd&t standards. conducted doe testing of fluid dispensing equipment to determine settings for dispensing medical grade lubricant. optimized and redesigned dynamometer testing fixtures used to measure power curve of micro tornado shaver models.
worked to design a robust system for generating random video metadata in the rust programming language.
develops software for local business groups in the company.
working on integrating various subsystems and components of a larger system, ensuring that they work together seamlessly. developing test plans and procedures based on system requirements and design specifications. performing tests, which may include functional testing, performance testing, environmental testing and interoperability testing. investigating and resolving any issues that arise during testing, which may involve working closely with design engineers.
(one) manage the entire lifecycle of the wi fi alliance feature release programs, including showing operations success and developing on further iterations. (two) create/maintain ieee802.eleven/one thousand, nine hundred and five based technical specifications and test plans (co developed with stakeholders). work to develop new and innovative ways to design, test and release programs. (three) work with multiple teams located across different geographies to get all deliverables ready for compliance events/plug fests.
responsible for china strategic initiatives, marketing p&l, key category development, marketing team development.
tutored college students in differential equations and calculus.
provides failure analysis support and root cause diagnosis for the entire breadth of renesas' portfolio offerings. experience characterizing and analyzing various rf/analog/mixed signal devices.
completed a lean six sigma project which reduced process time from fourteen days to one day conducted data and statistical analysis to identify potential revenue stream of $75m+ initiated two projects to improve product design and customer engagement completed ge project management training course tools: erp (oracle), excel, access, ms sql, macros, crm(salesforce)
operation of complex optimizing levels of reservoirs avoiding water dumping. operation/control of power electric systems, energy management systems, international transactions, failure analysis, auxiliary systems actualization and integration, alarm management in scada systems, practice tests to obtain operation parameters of generators (capacity curve), security of power systems, and tuning of power systems stabilizers (pss)
develop and support ebay tess (kubernetes) platform and help to migrate stateful databases to tess platform by developing nap and milkway platform. develop an intelligent monitoring platform based on big data technology and real time streaming analysis. the platform is based on go lang, python, and vue.js.
tutor for the following courses: calc i iii, prob & stats for ece, continuous time signals & systems. provided an environment in which students can receive supplementary instruction to achieve academic success. clarified and communicated math concepts in ways that could be understood by the student.
advised ttu’s tech commercialization office on how to commercialize a key technology. designed a product to provide “proof of concept” of the technology’s commercial value. developed a framework that identifies how to create and capture unique market value from this product.
planned and executed flight test of electronic warfare (ew) systems on fighter aircraft of foreign partners worked with four six ew engineers to evaluate the functionality and performance of systems on four different programs communicated with stakeholders and customers to capture test needs and synthesize them into test requirements collected and analyzed flight test data to gather statistically defensible data to establish system performance
maintained, organized, and improved electrical records and job instructional training books digitized compressed air lines and their isolation valves as an emphasis on plant safety observed peers and mentors to understand the coordination required to maintain function in a sixty-five year old power plant
i write real time rf telemetry decommutation for mda range safety using a real time os with hardware interrupts. developed c# and c/c++ real time control system applications communicating over udp using high precision irig hardware for precise timing. communicated with embedded devices and incorporated this into managed code using p/invoke designed and implemented a one way serial data transfer system (no handshake) with an error detection feature using a hash voting system to detect errors.
contributed twenty% of monthly revenue for the hvac safety department communicated with manufacturers to deliver technical support throughout project execution coordinated with company executives and project managers to acquire resources to move projects forward evaluated change order requests in response to out of scope work activities and developing field conditions identified and mitigates technical risks within managed projects
i facilitated an environment that contributes to the overall social, intellectual, moral, and cultural development of sixty-seven building residents. i demonstrated composure and poise in crises to ensure safety of residents and other staff members. i inspired cooperation, self confidence, leadership in over one hundred other resident assistants.
worked in the physical design group as a part of the memory team. primary responsibilities include design of sram memory compilers for advanced finfet nodes tuned for best ppa.
full time during summer, part time during senior year of college. developed requirements and a robust test procedure for can network to test signal integrity, speed, efficiency effectively worked in a small team to design can network for gen two tugger increasing baud rate by one hundred% conducted tests to analyze power consumption of the battery, controllers, plc at various speeds and payloads interpreted and applied schematics to validate design fixing brownout of the vpu at low battery voltage
automated the microfluidic flow process using matlab, a wago controller, and a raspberry pi worked with a drill press to create parts for the microfluidic device programmed a proportional–integral–derivative controller using matlab
system level integration and test for the alr sixty-seven radar warning receiver (customers: navy, usmc, & fms) root cause analysis, requirements (definition & documentation), test (planning, conducting, and reporting), equipment configuration, and integration & verification testing design, build, and test automated system test equipment for rf aerospace and space communication systems
multiple roles in a biotechnology company to manufacture single cell analysis instrumentation, collect and analyze data, and provide customer support for titering infectious disease using optical force. developed and programmed imaging parameters to characterize cellular infection, presented technical sales presentations and instrumentation installations and operation trainings at global leaders in biological research, and performed software compliance testing.
application and systems engineer for electric drives systems.
personally supported over thirty students with customized assignments and curriculums to improve their foundational skills and prepare for real world applications. instructed several il state standard math courses from pre algebra through calculus and science courses, such as physics & chemistry instructed various stem electives, such as: engineering, coding, and developed a curriculum for calculus based physics with numerical programming.
communicate with customers, diagnose veloce emulator and ice issues and find solutions. assist in the implementation and usage of the emulator in customer rtl designs. integrate emulation compatible virtual transactor protocols (pcie, nvme, uart, etc) with customer designs.
overhaul current fire system to heavily mitigate current risk. involved three major tasks: identification, verification, and documentation of all smoke detectors within facility, augmentation and correction of current hmi to reflect real world position and characters accurately, and design, order, and mount high visibility plates that include all key information for each smoke detector the plate identifies.
one. optimized the capacitance models of our product, starrc, to achieve the capacitance extraction accuracy that the semiconductor foundry desired for yet the original models couldn’t fulfill. two. designed a neural network which loads capacitance models to its embedding layers, imitates starrc’s algorithms with equivalent tensor operations, and fine tunes capacitance models by performing backpropagation. three. reduced the extraction errors ninety-three.seven% in terms of mse and seventy-four.seven% in terms of mape.
worked on requirements from at&t, deutsche telekom, vodafone & turk cell .currently working on the core end network of 4g lte .worked on mobile edge network (mec) , dra configurations. handled multiple customer issues in various releases . worked on mobile edge computing (mec),ssf (slice selection function) & dra (diameter routing agent) testing.
lead engineer responsible for all component design
monitor verizon’s network for alarms and verify them afterwards. determine if alarm is due to maintenance/repairs. diagnose alarms and attempt fix from network operations center (noc). if alarm cannot be fixed from noc, then pass onto tech onsite. collect and document accurate descriptions of what the issue is and do a hand off to the next shift if necessary. communicate with third party vendors and customers on a variety of issues including backhaul fiber failure and tower light failure.
i look through boards failing in circuit testing, as well as those in later steps. through observation, both visual and through electrical testing, i narrow down possible causes of failure and create steps to resolve the problem.
· responsible for the safe and efficient planning and conduct of flight evaluation, development, and demonstration testing of direct attack weapons at domestic and international test facilities. · coordinate with aircraft integration, navigation, and guidance and control engineers to ensure proper hardware/software communication between the aircraft and weapon.
designing and coordinating the layout of printed circuit boards using cadence tools for use in many manners of testing of intel cpus and assembly, including electrical, shock, temperature, and smt reliability tests. working with large, diverse groups of contributors to deliver designs that meet a variety of needs for functional tests, reducing cost for board orders and time for production.
developed an in house procedure for synthesizing gold nanoparticles
supervised lab activities for an electrical engineering circuits/signals and system class.
completing five half year rotations in mechanical, electrical, and computer engineering positions specializing in design and validation of stellantis vehicles.
design of simulink models according to specified requirements for a start/stop system. design of simulink models according to specified requirements for dc/dc converters. design of testing scenarios for model in the loop, software in the loop model and integration testing. code generation via embedded coder. system requirements analysis and documentation of software requirements. developing tools to increase the efficiency of the model based development life cycle. participation in
testing engineer. created interfaces between electrical testing equipment and radars. aided in the development of testing procedures for new radar systems.
please see resume
i reverse engineer assembly code using ida pro to understand how the system we are working on functions. i was also involved in a project where we wrote nvidia cuda kernels to accelerate a program to generate waveforms in real time.
help students understand electrical components used in everyday electrical devices through labs (learning about transistors, op amps, motors etc.)
maintained and updated unique customer software to fit requirements and improve manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies through ci/cd
microarchitecture definition, logic design, systemverilog rtl coding for secure soc ip in 16nm finfet cmos designed internal register control block and amba ahb interface for thirty-two bit risc v cpu subsystem performed block level design verification (systemverilog testbench), simulation (cadence xcelium), lint (synopsys spyglass), and synthesis (cadence genus) prior to handoff to design verification team documented design specification
ensure that fab is in compliance with iso18001 and customer standards. this included audits and laying out corrective action plans.
implement algorithm in sql for start up plant to calculate recipe pre trims for ftbatch manager tool. program and create visual reports of feed status using real time data. recommend approach for visualization of utility process data for start up plant.
troubleshot and isolated emi issues in rf signal synthesizers to lead effective correction activities at high frequencies. constructed reliability test cases for rf generators using labview that enhanced hardware testing productivity by twenty%. proposed verification solutions among a manufacturing production team using knowledge of adc/dacs, electronic warfare test systems, and power systems control in rfics.
worked on die casting and plastic injection molding machinery as an electrical engineer. provided engineering support for product development in china, particularly for machinery sold in the us (ul listed systems, ensured standards followed).
worked in the algorithm & pre development team. developed an algorithm to semi automatically segment the endocardium and epicardium of the right ventricle in short axis cardiac mri
perform physical and electrical analysis to find root cause of integrated chip failures.
i am an electrical engineer on a program were we actively support submersible rovs. i am actively involved in new design phases instituted by our customer as well as supporting testing/troubleshooting of equipment sent from the field.
internship at the robotics vehicle range, where i designed, built and program a multi sensor remotely operated robot used for the inspection of remote, narrow, and potentially dangerous locations.
communication radio frequency onboard network utilization specialist for nasa mission control. train to operate the international space station. program console tools and update operations products.
i am the software engineering lead of my specific program at lockheed martin. areas of work: flight software, embedded systems, data processing, guidance navigation and control, gps, real tim operating systems, telemetry
led defect patching as part of a six person r&d team developing modern digitalization feature for next generation rail crossing system (linux, c) developed a hash table interface utilizing custom hashing algorithm and binary search tree collision handling for string function pairs –runs in o(log(n)) (c) developed algorithm for processing serial data frames (rs two hundred and thirty-two) into tcp/ip packets transmitted to third party track monitoring software developed test unit management software using
crafted a user friendly excel workbook to calculate link budgets and link margins for communication to the aehf satellite system for different modulation modes, accounted for elevation angle and rainfall climate of interested region for customer viewing. researched the characteristics of oblique incidences of wave propagation across multi layered mediums and wrote a matlab numerical analysis script to calculate reflected power with various incident angles and material properties.
designed an ultrasound doppler device for non invasive fetal heart rate monitoring & collaborated with northwestern medicine prentice women’s hospital to collect patient data and validate against the gold standard. designed wireless chest & limb devices which capture ecg, ppg, accelerometry, and temperature signals – and then derive pulse arrival time and respiratory rate.
plexus is a state of the art manufacturer for electronic assemblies across multiple industries with demanding regulatory environments. this includes medical, defense & aerospace, and consumer electronics. fpga development team lead for electrosurgical generator project of eight engineers. owned multiple uvm test bench environments for multi fpga board assembly.
contracted to manage sap programs and databases for a major pharmaceutical client in a team. resolved daily oncoming incidents in servicenow within the designated sla timeline. handled minor projects to fix and/or improve custom programs based on client needs. experienced in client interfacing, documentation, and support activities. provided support during sap version upgrades.. involved with multiple small team projects during time on bench.
i performed end user technical support for residential high speed internet subscribers. i supported the launch of the commercial technical support desk. i developed training for new solution roll outs including advanced cable modem termination system troubleshooting tools.
process engineer responsible for accounts in medical, aerospace, dod (itar), automotive and electronic industries responsible engineer for the metal room and heat treat work centers created and integrated supplier quality database to tech etch quality system to track raw material and vendor non conformance. investigate raw material and outsource non conformance issues and work with vendors to resolve disputes
responsible for international sales & marketing p&l, product go to market, team development; contribute to innovation & product development.
assisted with engineering calculations, and design drawings first article inspection of wiring harnesses and creation of wiring diagrams created engineering change notice documentation performed new product live testing of complex diesel engine automated control panel, cp one thousand
worked in the onshore maintain potential project department (omppd), in an area with onshore oil, gas, and water fields. the scope of the projects involved developing onshore oil and water fields and connecting them to the gas & oil separation plant. trained as a site engineer under professionals, i was responsible for verifying p&id drawings and managing network and communication systems with scada.
developed perl script to automate vhdl verification processes for a large scale communication system. designed vhdl models of modules within a signal processing system. tested and updated an online discrepancy report management system hosted on adobe coldfusion.
my job involved calibration and protocol creation for the following systems; optical coherence tomography, fluorescence spectroscopy, and fluorescence microscopy. i worked on a project that sought to find a method for bleed through elimination with the use of a nonlinear polynomial model.
assisted in training new maintenance workers in identifying and safely solving commonly found problems in housing units through walkthroughs and planned demonstrations. executed general building maintenance for two hundred+ housing units across campus each summer (electrical appliances, lighting fixtures, plumbing issues, furniture disposal and replacement, etc.).
software and software infrastructure testing of interactive intelligence’s flagship product; customer interaction center. embedded with an agile development team to test, debug, and assist in the creation of a new sql based database infrastructure feature. enabled critical releases to be launched on time, within budget, and meeting customer requirements. presented proposal for the new product to be pushed to the main codebase for an audience consisting of senior engineers, directors, and vps.
an app that performed vessel segmentation on a given fundus image was developed. initially, an on device image processing approach was chosen. understanding the disadvantages of this approach, induced a switch to development of deep learning model which fostered the shift from on device processing to a cloud based model. leveraging various cloud functionalities, a complete deep learning based vessel segmentation android application was developed.
provided technical oversight and leadership as the electrical division officer to a division of ten nuclear electricians in the maintenance, repair, and troubleshooting of the entire electrical generation and distribution system onboard the ship. managed a process improvement and quality control program, specializing in root cause analysis, to ensure all systems were maintained and operated to the highest standards.
one. low level firmware engineer that includes working on architectures that are related to the flash layer.
working in the perf power binning (ppb) noise bring up team to: one) develop methodologies to characterize pre production silicon and understand behavior across process, voltage, and temperature (pvt) to extract maximum chip performance across workloads. two) correlate system level functional frequency data with silicon data to calculate frequency margins for device degradations. three) validate and tune system features over silicon.
analyzed and documented test coverage for flight control software.
design wire harnesses for custom autonomous vehicles, for the autonomous stack to integrate into toyota prius, for a remote console, and for test benches. maintain device transmittals for all components. manage bom, create work instructions, create training for technicians, and support contract manufacturers.
create electrical drawings and plc/hmi programs for paper converting machinery. assist onsite during initial startup of machines.
department: advanced metering infrastructure network equipment
design and layout pcbs using altium design software optimize firmware feedback controller using vhdl develop company standards for cable design develop test fixtures and procedures for electromechanical hardware certify electrical component alternates for legacy hardware systems perform load analysis for telemetry data on stratospheric platforms
attended detailed training and was exposure to bhel manufacturing areas with detailed exposure to departments like control equipment area, sub assembly (pcb assembly and testing), semiconductors and photo voltaics, fabrication, etc.
own and operation a carpentry construction business. design, draft and build structures.
· programmed motor movements for an walking exoskeleton robot. · debugged discontinuities and tuned walking parameters to achieve a smooth gait. · modified the state machine to transition faster in response to commands.
machinery supplier providing custom solutions in the flexible packaging industry. promoted from engineer iv to project manager in one year accountable for running mechanical, electrical, and electronic engineering departments. supervised ongoing development and implementation of multiple concurrent projects from conception to implementation. coordinated with upwards of two,zero international customers on onsite machine assembly plans.
design and develop network operating system for cisco n7000 series of datacenter switches. being a part of the platforms team, i worked on the software modules that specifically performed the functions of network switch boot up, hardware driver integration and monitoring of the onboard sensors.
the responsibilities include developing verification plans in coordination with design leads and architects, building and maintaining portable verification test bench components and environments, running simulations, debugging designs and environment issues.
selected as one of five students from the kansas city metropolitan area and one of approximately two hundred students nationwide. mentored youth in a summer long community volunteerism program for the hosting non profit, youth volunteer corps of greater kansas city.
working in the field of electric power steering for commercial vehicles, my roles include system control modelling, system control testing and troubleshooting, requirements management, and customer service.
i worked at picnic as an electrical engineer. my responsibilities included designing the electrical cabinet for the initial version of the restaurant automation robot. afterwards, i developed various iterations of modular stepper motor drivers and a multi axis motor controller, aiming to enhance size and modularity.
design engineer for exterior lighting systems. i work with plastics, electronics, controls, and optics. also responsible for cost and manufacturability.
design avionics and ground support cables to be manufactured as part of new program design. generated bill of materials (bom) for drawings. select appropriate parts for cables based on signal requirements. build expertise with avionics boxes and test and integration procedures for new program. program cancelled, moved to lockheed martin aeronautics in june two thousand and twenty
performed research on synthesis of graphene on non traditional substrates such as cobalt and sio2.
rotational program under cummins's cto branch function focused on developing cross functional engineering and leadership experience. my own rotations covered systems product problem solving, service engineering for electric vehicles, market intelligence for hydrogen technologies, and i am currently in my last rotation within research and development for electrification technologies.
spent a couple of weeks within each of five squadrons within the 76th sweg. i was required to implement my engineering knowledge from my undergrad studies to complete various tasks pertaining to the types of projects performed by these squadrons.
designed neonatal intensive care unit (nicu) devices & collaborated with ann & robert h. lurie children’s hospital of chicago for testing and data acquisition. led the signal processing division for heart rate and spo2 calculations from ecg and red/ir signals.
provide technical support and system ownership to forty-six systems including hvac, boilers, chilled water, tower water, heating hot water, fire protection, and process waste. certified maintenance and reliability professional, weibull analysis on calibrated instruments to extend calibration frequency
assisted students with vhdl, digital component design, assembly language programming, and laboratory equipment graded assignments and planned supplemental lessons
maintenance of facilities and equipment for chick fil a establishments. operating on refrigeration, hvac, pumps, pressure fryers, and more.
design, build and test ac and dc power conversion and control systems (inception to production).
designing, developing and produce learning and teaching materials for the students of the department of the electrical engineering. supervising students projects and assessing their work, progress during assignments and tests.
providing remote technical support throughout the hospital; repairing and maintaining the local area network; repairing computers; installing software and hardware related to the it infrastructure; performing printer maintenance and repairs; and logging support requests into the database.
i work in the thinmanager business unit. i developed a global curriculum used for internal and external training on our product. i also help to guide the direction of the product from an engineering perspective by inputting ideas to the development team. in addition, i help customers with escalation cases from tech support, engage with customers at sales events, and help create virtual and physical lab environments where our customers can learn more about our software.
constructed the test environment of customer relationship management (crm) system app; wrote test scripts according to url list of crm system app; called the application programming interfaces via the simulated data; verified the return values of the interfaces; registered the test results in excel table and reported to the application development group
define project specifications through consultation with principal engineers, electricians, and instrument and control specialists. revise drawings, create spreadsheets, develop database to reflect capital project advancements. communicate with design engineers to ensure proper drawing modifications.
mechanical engineering intern in an aircraft sensor design division of utc aerospace systems. worked on mechanical design, environmental test, and manufacturing process improvements for angle of attack sensors. was full time through august two thousand and eighteen, then cut back to approx. five hrs/week of part time work during the fall semester.
provided it infrastructure to the uc davis transportation services section of campus
served as a tutor in cedarville university's academic enrichment center (the cove). experience in tutoring digital logic design and calculus.
work with various teams to develop and validate the quality of our manufactured products a key member during the integration and acceptance processes troubleshoot problems that are generated during evaluation, hardware or software perform risk analysis, record results and documentation during troubleshooting, and conduct test reports contributes to initiatives that improve the overall qa process, such as identifying gaps or inefficiencies in workflows
taught physics and chemistry to students in a title one school by: designing creative inquiry based labs to challenge students to become independent critical thinkers. relating physics to real life through innovative projects in which students built paper roller coasters and wired model houses. students completed safety calculations to prove their learning. teaching concepts in spanish to students with no english skills to ensure all students learned equally.
electrical engineering position in powered respirator production facility. designed and implemented python scripts to run validation software for paftec breathing apparatus. designed facial recognition mobile application utilizing open source libraries and android studio.
joined as the first systems engineer in the north america division and lead efforts on establishing standards for requirements management, dfmeas, and functional safety worked closely with a new oem to develop customer specification in jama for automotive displays created diagnostic/derating specifications for software and hardware failures to support engineering development, manufacturing, and customer debugging lead a multidisciplinary team to develop raspberry pi based debugging tool to simul
responsible for engineering product design and manufacturing, such as bike battery pack design, bluetooth module design and torque reaction collar retrofit module
flashing ecus for all the supported programs. learn to procure components with major suppliers and coordinate builds. design and execution of tests analysis of test results reporting to stakeholders of found detects. learn battery management systems for ev. support dv test preparation
worked under model based harness packaging team (two thousand and twenty-one) supporting adoption of zuken e3 for electrical engineering groups. acted as zuken component librarian using agile team structure for precision strike missile (prsm) and advanced programs.
as part of adobe india's research team, i worked on knowledge sharing between cross domain deep learning agents. please refer to my cv to know more about the project.
developed software and hardware to integrate encoders into design of inspection robot. three d printed parts necessary to integrate hall effect encoders onto design. wrote software to run motors and encoders through atmel avr. wrote software on intel edison to control multiple avr’s through i2c bus. wired all relevant electrical components together.
i lead the risk product operations teams for uber's global business. my team prevents fraudsters from causing financial loss to uber, drivers, and riders by understanding how fraudsters (bad actors) behave and preventing that behavior in real time.
i set up and configure software and hardware for clients, and analyzed the fault and solve the problems. i also managed the equipment and ensured the operation of the system.
most of my day to day tasks include coordinating and supporting the effort of developing the ground software system for a space vehicle and authoring documents that speak to certain types of interfaces that have to do with command and telemetry.
performed development and edition on auto cad drawings performed plc software/hardware and operator interface design. supported service and installation on client’s site. generated cost estimates and bill of materials.
anglogold ashanti iduapriem is an open pit gold mine situated 10km south of tarkwa, in the western region of ghana. the mine is owned by anglogold ashanti.
provided electrical and lighting designs for commercial and industrial businesses. i used autocad and revit to provide design layouts and project drawings.
taught design and lab classes to undergraduate students
develop industry related virtual reality applications.
led the development of model based systems engineering (mbse) model to guide the design and subsystem integration of r&d satellite subsystem; captured different subsystem design configurations to drive schedule critical trade studies and identify design risks; presented system architectures and modeling metrics during internal and external meetings & reviews with quarterly
worked under dr. hawkins on mmi waveguide spectroscopy research. developed and tested various design methods to maximize light scattering in waveguides on silicon wafers practiced cleanroom methods including plasma etching, photolithography, and deposition created twenty iterations of functional tiny spectrometers with a small team
maintains a test environment for the boeing flight management system by resolving issues brought up by the software testing team; debugs and problem solves daily, altering code in c++, c#, python; experience with socket programming, multi threaded applications, modeling, arinc four hundred and twenty-nine i/o to/from fmc, arinc six hundred and three, six hundred and ten, six hundred and fifteen, fmc operational flight program
product development engineering for heavy duty and mid range diesel engines for on highway customer applications. one.project support & development: defined system boundaries, technical requirements and plan to work through new product development lifecycle from research to production. two.product problem solving & systems integration: lead cross functional (manufacturing and design) team that delivered sixty% cost reduction in production launch while facilitating three customers through idfmea
summer research assignment for nasa's home (habitats optimized for mission of exploration) in mae department at uc davis performed feasibility studies on use cases of robot end effectors in deep space exploration ran simulations using ros in a linux virtual machine environment
utilized skills with various database systems to process and track nearly one,zero personnel, nearly ten,zero documents, and over twenty-eight tons of correspondence. completed two deployments to afghanistan (two thousand and eleven) and iraq (two thousand and nine). planned and facilitated classes on safety procedures and the operation of various pieces of equipment ranging from radios, vehicles, and various tools
worked in the regenerative biomaterials & therapeutics group. investigated the efficacy and mechanism of rho associated kinase (rock) inhibitor in wound healing of corneal endothelium
awarded mccormick research grant to conduct computational molecular dynamic simulations to better characterize the viscoelastic properties of polymer grafted nanoparticles and examine the potential to exhibit shear jamming. developed script to create more realistic polymer grafted nanoparticle structures and prevent unnatural nanoparticle repulsion. designed polymer grafted nanoparticle material to maximize the energy dissipated during ballistic impact tests.
at raytheon missiles and defense, i currently hold a vital role in the test product systems team. drawing on my strong foundation in software automation and extensive background in electrical engineering, i am involved in designing innovative test solutions for various research and development projects. i am tasked with ensuring the efficiency, accuracy, and reliability of these test procedures, thereby directly contributing to the successful realization of pioneering defense technologies.
designed a fascia wire harness using an implementation of flat wire collaborated with champion technical center advanced development group on identifying candidate flat wire applications and case study developments created initial validation report for an two thousand and twenty-three oem vehicle
maintained routings, methods, layouts, tools, and methods documentation to current operations. conducted process audits to ensure correct sequence of events documentation in addition, i provided line support to resolve production issues. finally, i conducted several projects including developing a cvml camera to ensure proper part placement and creating a powerbi report to find correct torque values in a given work center and recommending tools based on torque value and tolerance.
· responsible for the planning, setup, and test execution of the data acquisition and test control systems in the structures and materials test labs. · applied knowledge of pid controls theory to properly tune, stroke, and apply loads with hydraulic servo actuators, ensuring that safe and precise load or position control was achieved to execute structural testing. · wrote a variety of python programs to simplify post test data processing tasks and pre test setup processes.
supply design, analysis, and consulting services for both internal and external customers. work collaboratively with the equipment manager, project teams, consultants, outside vendors, and clients to achieve functionality, quality, cost, and schedule for tunneling projects.
developed inspection methods to analyze product quality; investigating and troubleshooting product or production issues maintained supplier performance records and visited suppliers to review quality concerns and issues to minimize inspection. established the way to rework ng parts to save money. average sixty-eight% of ng parts were reworked reduced ng production rate by four% on the headliner production participated in kia’s new car, (telluride, new optima), development process
co founder of the software house called craft studio & solutions. base development of iot circuits and mobile applications.
as part of a comprehensive training program for new engineering graduates, i gained specialized knowledge in railway communication systems, enhancing my technical expertise in the field. my role involved extensive job orientation, where i explored various units and departments across saudi arabia, gaining a broad understanding of railway operations. additionally, i participated in specialized courses focused on improving presentation skills, soft skills, and emotional intelligence, further devel
providing training, workshops, and seminars about rotating electrical machines and drivers. compilation of internal offers. technical support in rotating electrical machines and drivers (application engineering) for latin america's sales teams. back office support to business developers.
undergraduate teaching assistant for ece forty-six thousand, three hundred.
teledyne technologies acquired bolt technology corp. in two thousand and fourteen. my duties remained, but i also, for a time, managed a systems engineering group in an attempt to bring together complex sub sea electronics systems for navigation. this included sensor filtering and machine vision. i remained as the numerical modeling and geophysical subject matter expert during this time.
i use mentor pads to design electronics for satellite and missile systems. i work as the responsible engineer for design projects on satellite missions.
worked on developing an automated test utility for redfish, a restful api for managing servers. performed analysis of server functionality and generated formatted uri tree outputs for portraying various models. designed a comparison engine to analyze differences in dynamic data and to load and display comparison results to web pages
one) proud to be a key member of purdue university seng liang wang hall construction management team, led mechanical, electrical and plumbing (mep) coordination effort for all ece labs (bus ducts, fume hoods, etc.); two) led hard bids & budgeting, solicited & analyzed subcontractor pricing, value engineering, quantity take off, company cost database maintenance
main roles included applications engineering support for advanced programs and zuken e3 main component librarian for mfc. assisted electrical design groups w/ schematics and harness drawing creation while supporting custom software tool adoption. completed internal four week geometric dimensioning & tolerancing (gd&t) course per current asme y14.five – two thousand and nine standard. learned creo cabling add on to package/mount harnesses within cad assemblies to then generate harness drawings.
worked in technical support supporting two software products that rockwell automation develops called factorytalk view se (human machine interface software) and thinmanager. diagnosed issues remotely, helped customers with pre sales engineering questions, and helped to develop onboarding training for employees to help better support products and teach engineering skills to diagnose software issues.
contract with u.s. navy assisting in r&d of unmanned surface vessels.
developing an autonomous control algorithm for cable suspended robot with six degrees of freedom in simulink. integrating internal communication protocol for communication with sensors and actuators. developing my own trajectory tracking with pid control. creating my own simulations for control algorithm. performing sil tests for state machine and buffer manager.
integrated web based project management application to unify project data. interfaced with application's api utilizing python to automate processes and transfer of data. hosted training sessions to ensure employees could comfortably utilize new features.
the project involved designing an analog front end for the digital fault recorder at 1msps and storing it in the ieee comtrade format, to judiciously utilize the memory in the edge device on arm zynq processor (involving fpga and arm processor). i worked on compression algorithms and intuitive visualization of sampled data. involved in making the component selection of adc for the system
tested prototype assembly and updated work instructions of various antennas and antenna control units assisted with research and development of new exede antenna concept: major duties included performing a wind tipping analysis updated cad modeling and drawings of various antennas using solidworks performed quality inspections and wrote reports on damages incurred during shipments of exede antennas collaboratively developed concept of viasat cruise ship internet delivery during hackath
teamwork to develop temperature and oxygen profiles across the plutonia based pellet using comsol simulation attend seminars and additional lectures to help gain respective knowledge learn the interaction of hypo stoichiometric fuel with cladding materials and the surrounding environment within a multi mission radioisotope thermoelectric generator (mmrtg) presentation: “chemical processes and heat transfer of plutonia fuel by comsol
develop, modify and debug plc and hmi programs per customer specifications. install, maintain, commission and support automation systems including oem equipment (intralox) to meet customer standards. design and edit electrical control panel layouts using autocad electrical building and commissioning cognex vision scan tunnels for our logistics partners. this includes go live support, troubleshooting and repair. develop javascript programs that work in tandem with vision system to process
launched products: cellcapture v4.one (two thousand and fifteen), cellcapture v5.zero (two thousand and sixteen), visual protocol designer (two thousand and seventeen), s1000eon (two thousand and eighteen) worked on pcbas design, mcu and sbc firmware for refreshed s1000exi and s1000eon responsible for emi testing, fcc and ce certification software qa, bug fixes, and various python scripts for cellcapture and visual product designer face to face technical support with customers
my role involves conducting mathematical fire modeling analysis using computational fluid dynamics for simulating/ modeling real world fire scenarios. familiar with structural fire engineering utilizing the finite element method (fem/fea) analysis software safir. my work is in performance based design with a primary focus on occupational life safety and property protection/ value. conduct air flow analysis on various building types (high rise, parking structures, commercial/ residential
digital engineer for the cmos image sensor design team.
worked on low current network systems by bosch which include cctv, intrusion alarm systems, access panels and public address systems; currently being used in all major locations identify and define security requirements configure and troubleshoot security infrastructure devices familiarized with different types of surveillance and security systems site visits and designing an efficient electronic security solution for the client worked with benchmark software’s by bosch; bvms and ape
i worked on the slingshot, a vapor compression distillation system used to purify water. i was responsible for testing a new conductivity sensor used to ensure that only clean water can leave the system. i designed and built three test beds. i used arduinos to capture measurement data, and used labview to automate data logging and control pumps on the test bed. i then conducted the tests in a thermal chamber, analyzed results, and summarized my findings in a test report.
worked alongside the air force research laboratory to design an integrated circuit identification technique presented for anti cloning, anti counterfeiting, and device authentication. designed and simulated voltage controlled ring oscillator using cadence tools to accurately measure the phase noise of a bandgap voltage reference circuit.
monitor and control twelve different machinery during operation within the cup lines. perform cleaning up to sanitary specification when switching material to avoid contamination. diagnosed and evaluated equipment’s to minimized down time.
virtual internship where i was a team lead for engineering interns responsible for creating and managing datasheets and product pages for various electronic test and measurement equipment.
designed, implemented, tested and deployed a temperature and humidity monitoring and control system.
support millions of dollars' worth of electrosurgical units support sustaining efforts on surgical laparoscopic instruments contribute to electrical redesign efforts in products. contribute to circuit design in new product development. collaborate with medical device regulators to make sure safety and efficacy standards of products are met.
repair and maintain equipment, machinery, or instruments to ensure that it functions reliably and complies with process specifications. install, troubleshoot, and perform pm on plc’s, vfd’s, including controls, motors, and pumps. analyze plant processes, design and implement improvement through programming on hardware or software related issues. maintain quality and safety standards are upheld.
designed rf circuits with the help of ads, sonnet, and cadence virtuoso learned practical rfic design techniques and practices under the mentorship of sunil rao (phd student)
as an emi engineer, my main role is to ensure that electronic devices and systems function properly in the presence of electromagnetic fields while also minimizing their emissions to prevent interference with other devices. i mainly work with the department of defense and subcontractors following various procedures like mil std four hundred and sixty-one, do one hundred and sixty, and iec standards.
o provides support in development of electrical hw, application and testing for customer projects o understand, interpret and negotiate hw related customer requirements (emc, environmental, etc.) with oem o plan, specify, and implement hw related changes to a platform ecu in order to fulfill specific requirements of the customer o lead problem solving resolution, root cause analysis, and drive continuous improvement efforts for engineering as well as support continuous improvement for safety and
design, simulation, verification and implementation of the subsystems targeted for fpgas.
forecasted problem solving through cad, fea, and hands on prototype construction designed sliding door locking system, patent pending for work with $one million projected revenue over the first four years designed parts for injection moldability, selected polymers, coordinated with supplier for cost and manufacturability
performed analog worst case circuit analyses including: power integrity, power sequencing, cold spare, operational constraints, general design assessment, and stress analysis. provided path forward for any non compliances. trained coworkers on how to do analyses, and created template documentation and spreadsheets for coworkers performing similar analyses. presented analysis to the program's consultants/customer performed esd simulations using system vision.
product evaluation and validation lead: work with customers and product team on developing test plans for products at every phase of development act as a liaison between the product team and test development engineers lab technicians monitor, support, and document environmental, electrical, and dynamic testing create, organize, and maintain test standards and results work with outside laboratories to negotiate and monitor additional testing attend routine meetings with customers and
i develop software for raven's hawkeye two rcm (rate control module) system, a smart rate control system for agricultural sprayers. projects include board support development for consumer products, control system development, rtos and multithreading system design, and hardware critical c and c++.
at qualcomm, i work for the automotive performance team. i primarily concentrate on improving the performance of snapdragon chipsets while dealing with complex concurrency usecases which involves debugging, analysis and optimization of the system parameters. i have worked with qnx rtos and android os. i designed and implemented a hypervisor impact analysis framework for arm architecture. i also work on optimization of the code to improve benchmark scores for the soc.
troubleshooted, optimized and redeveloped circuitry of water condensation system resulting in a functional prototype. designed printed circuit board schematics of product using knowledge of autodesk eagle. rewrote software by implementing proto threading to simulate multitasking, resulting in increased efficiency for time sensitive functions.
designed, built, and tested, c x band phased array antenna
designed and implemented parameterized monte carlo simulations to predict internal revenue and demonstrate profit potential. gave springtide tools and information they needed to land clients and investors on their way to successfully launching their venture capital fund.
contracted to design and implement new programs related to sap ewm for a major pharmaceutical client in an agile team. relevant work includes wm monitor, rf framework, badi enhancement, etc.
responsible for mechanical design and drawing on a modular space robotic arm
performed statistical yield analysis on 7nm cpu and apu products. tasks included: regular yield reporting and monitoring of silicon wafers across various test insertions in and after coming out of the foundry. building voltage, frequency models to find correlations among parameters in wat, wet that affect product performance, yield. create scripts to generate yield step up charts for products across the node to track yields across timeline and identify yield trends.
designing and implementing clocking for multiple subsystems on various socs and supporting them through design lifecycles, including synthesis, verification, timing closure, and tapeout.
current: vehicle system integration engineer: build and test of full vehicle electrical benches for ev program. testing software and hardware interactions between modules communicating over can, ethernet, and lin to ensure full system functionality. 5m: av lidar project engineer: managing the development of lidar by two suppliers and leading them to solve fleet hw issues. 7m: software integration engineer: analyzing vehicle serial signals, testing energy features, and developing hil simulations.
assist professor venkat venkatsubramanian and post doc kris villez in the project pertaining to resilient node placement in a non perfect network
teacher of english language at junior highs, elementary schools, and nurses college in rural japan.
facilitating p2p power trading in smart grid with blockchain” | mentor: yonggang wen we aimed to create a payment platform via blockchain to resolve conventional energy management our decentralized application was established on ethereum blockchain the p2p power trading prototype was completed in our first working package my work focused on private chain and smart contract development
implemented and integrated different features of diesel engine software component using matlab/simulink, embedded coder and verified it on vehicle or bench. successfully created python based tool to automate build environment creation and autosar component integration. developed and integrated component release process for autosar in gitlab. developed simulink modelling guidelines and procedures to make software compatible with autosar standards with optimized memory utilization.
designing and developing r&d systems from concept generation, theoretical modeling, systems optimizations, and system prototyping and testing to finally commercializing r&d concepts for transitions to production.
created prototype ccd camera based measurement device in ppt vision passport for measuring screw thread id, od, pitch and thread angle (system was capable of measuring at over seven hundred parts per minute) mathematically modeled in mathcad, using transformation matrices, the effect of a tilted spindle on high precision cyberoptics laser measurement data (sensor uses triangulation).
cloud integration of alert innovation alphabot system for grocery pickup
lead testing for electric motors and integrated inverters manage validations and ensure timely completion by coordinating with customers, product teams, and test resources create and improve methods for testing and validating motors and integrated inverters utilizing tools such as canalyzer, matlab, labview, and vba
engineering internship at the aerospace data facility east at the national reconnaissance office. sponsored by air force rotc and competitively selected from rotc detachments nationwide. worked in propriety process improvement, automating labor intensive tasks to analyze national level intelligence. applied self taught matlab skills. delivered seven intelligence products to customers.
program management for delivery of system memory management soft ip.
prepared technical documents for lifepo four and ncm battery built to custom specifications for customers translated technical and support documents from chinese to english for u.s. based clients. directly assisted customers in troubleshooting rechargeable battery use and helped customer find rechargeable battery solution.
developed complex cash flow models in fixed income software to service bond classes with precise payout structures incorporated credit risk, default probability, loss given default and optimized code to reduce runtime by ~twenty% analyzed complex legal documents to extract modeling assumptions and payout frameworks, completing fifty+ deals per year
managed floor of twenty residential students mediated conflict between roommates and suitemates created and presented meaningful programs to engage residents and help develop future skills. worked on a rotating team of fellow residential assistants to manage weekday and weekend duty coverage.
responsible for integrating time based flow management (tbfm) into the federal aviation administration's air traffic control systems develop and execute test plans for software enhancements to terminal, en route, and departure scheduling through collaboration with software and systems engineers regression test lead for eta validation, tsas (terminal spacing and separation), and north east corridor metering enhancements
i am a member of the mission planning team of the conventional prompt strike program (the weapon control system for a hypersonic non nuclear missile). i predominantly work in c++, with occasional tasks using html, css, typescript, angularjs, and/or python. my daily tasks involve writing system requirement specifications, creating unit tests utilizing google's protobuf, googletest, and gmock technologies, and programming microservices for the weapon control system.
providing security consultations to cisco/symantec and the second largest telecom operator in saudi arabia in every aspect within the siem project, from designing, deploying and customizing arcsight siem solution content and layout for their managed services operations to query optimizations for their reports.
as an it intern, i contributed to an agile delivery team for product development systems and product lifecycle management. here i created lean business cases for pieces of work within product team. additionally, i refined and improved document management system, risk process, sharepoint sites, and more.
ambac international, formerly american bosch located in elgin sc, is an innovated manufacturing company who specializes in remanufacturing, reverse engineering, and provide high quality diesel fuel injection components.
automating traditional data visualization practices for an ongoing r&d study that looked at the fuel mix evolution of miso's transmission zone over a twenty year planning horizon. running simulations on a fortran based simulation program to look at the fuel mix evolution of miso's transmission zone over a twenty year planning horizon. conducting academic and industry literature research on the system resilience of the electricity grid to define and construct test cases for testing miso's grid.
vc summer nuclear power station located in jenkinsville sc, produces electricity to about seven hundred,zero customers using a three loop design. in doing so, the integrity of the power plant must be maintained and operated in a safety manner while adhering to the nuclear regulatory commission guidelines.
challenging rotational assignment to experience multiple areas of the company while obtaining a master's degree in mechanical or electrical engineering.
component design engineers are responsible for the design and development of electronic componentsby integrating the connections inside the subsystems that make the chip. responsibilities may include: the design of chip layout circuit design, circuit checking, device evaluation and characterization, validating the essentials required by the frontend team before delivering to the be for synthesis, prototype construction and checkout, modification and evaluation of semiconductor devices.
drafted majority opinion, motions to modify, personal restraint petition responses, en banc memoranda, contentions memoranda, and other research project memoranda. analyzed both prehearing memoranda and commissioner’s memoranda recommendations, and drafted contentions memoranda in agreement or disagreement with an accompanying recommendation.
investigates electronic application and systems problems, understands causal mechanisms, recommends appropriate action, owns problem resolution and documents results. applies and improves electronic application and systems development processes and tools. processes include system specification, modelling and simulation, calibration, design verification plan and report (dvp&r), and troubleshooting. tools include simulink, calibration tools, and ptc integrity.
synthesized silicon carbide nanoparticles by sol gel process & performed characterization.
this was a management role covering all plant maintenance for one hundred and twenty employee facility, with focus on electrical projects. i would troubleshoot and retrofit automated machinery over forty years old, with no schematics or documentation available. i made numerous safety and lighting upgrades throughout the plant. i also did maintenance and troubleshooting on newer automated equipment.
i analyzed the electrical and mechanical specification needs of the packing station, such as electrical valves, pressure sensors, and temperature sensors, and determined which appropriate modules to incorporate into the opto22 controller system, which was part of a ~$ten,zero budget project to implement an industrial controller system to the company’s packing station and improve the overall ease of operation of the station.
designed and implemented new ui/ux features in qt widgets and c++ fourteen using oop. fixed bugs in codebase by using internally developed debugging tools with can logging and analysis. scripted unit tests utilizing google gtest and gmock. familiar with qt framework capabilities, cmake, jenkins, and github.developed simulink controller architecture using switches and models. tested payload packages and controller updates via computer accessed hardware benches.
served as the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (cbrn) and protection officer for the five hundred and fifty person battalion. supervised cbrn and counter weapons of mass destruction training. oversaw cbrn equipment. oversaw protection, antiterrorism, emergency management, emergency evacuation, and extreme weather programs.
working in autonomous driver assistant systems team to create asil b compliant computer vision libraries for the next generation of cars. worked to enable surround view monitors(calibration and rendering) on different platforms. acquired knowledge of camera subsystems on different platforms.
designing and developing the hardware components and systems of the assigned projects. tasks include designing schematics, performing pre layout and post layout simulations such as si/pi simulations, identifying and solving emc problems in the design and development phases, and testing and verifying pcbs after fabrication.
instanced universal verification components to monitor instruction transactions from dma engine to graphics processing unit engines. designed uvm checker to assess atomicity of instruction processing.
doe sponsored energy auditing program. i reported to the center lead as well as professors leading the program, including dr. ali razban, dr. david goodman, and indirectly the department chair dr. jie chen. i was tasked with thinking critically about various energy saving recommendations that could be made, as well as performing calculations to determine the financial viability of those potential recommendations. we worked with generally medium sized industrial companies.
working in eedp. rotational program with 3x eight month long rotations throughout various engineering roles in ge healthcare. spent one eight month rotation as software engineer on ct image reconstruction developing a new service on the image recon. service platform to decrease reconstruction time for multiple images from the same scan. currently on second rotation developing testing and diagnosing tools for ct firmware team.
testing experience on devices with wireless capabilities (i.e. bluetooth, wi fi, nfc). working knowledge on electronic measurement equipment including oscilloscopes, digital voltmeters, spectrum analyzers (rohde and schwarz), measurement receivers, and cmw500 wideband radio communication tester. review product test requirements. verify and document all the requirements have been met. working knowledge on radio test standards for us (fcc), europe (ce) and japan (jpn).
spent one month referring to a lot of relevant literature on neural network and machine learning; self learned python through online courses, and responsible for data and image processing.
working with design and validation of components for new engines. responsible for four different emission critical components. responsibilities include: analysis led design, creating validation plan, ensure performance and emissions targets are met, 3d cad design, test cell and rig test support. as well as, supporting different functions(reliability, purchasing, quality, manufacturing) to ensure value is added throughout the development process.
led the team in sizing and designing various power and thermal control systems for spacecraft in project prometheus used matlab and excel to develop scripts used in calculating power and size of thermal control systems made bi weekly powerpoint presentations and gave weekly progress reports
contributing member and team lead for multiple darpa funded research programs in the areas of computer science and cybersecurity. relevant work includes developing heuristic based threat detection methodologies, windows malware reverse engineering, analysis, and development, natural language processing applications, social media analysis and computer hardware reverse engineering
drafted electrical wiring diagrams. worked on system integration for aviation and avionics applications.
i am currently working as asic developer, my work is concerned with clock routing and management,where all the modules or ip's clock configuration will be designed.
detailed design and fpga implementation for interfacing xilinx ultrascale+ fpga’s to third party adc chips aboard various military radar and sensor systems implemented vhdl generics into design to make source code reusable across multiple adc devices models, frequencies and daisy chained devices implemented axi4 lite vhdl wrapper module for communication between hardware and software wrote self checking vunit testbenches to rapidly test the implementation functionality across numerous po
packet core design and optimization for 2g, 3g and lte networks. cmm and cmg design, implementation and optimization. performance monitoring for the packet core networks. traffic classification rules design and configuration. packet core integration with hss, eir, pcrf, ocs, radius and cmd platforms
co op with collins aerospace. i worked in their avionics department writing primarily ada and python code. i also was responsible for creating high level requirements and creating testing suites for the features our team would implement.
enlisted member in the marine corps. assigned to 8th engineering support battalion and served in two deployments to afghanistan.
developed wearable technology prototypes to monitor driver fatigue through eeg, emg, ecg, and other physiological signals, irb approved. constructed a wearable garment for posture sensing aimed to alleviate back pain and study spinal curvature disorders. utilized matlab and signal processing techniques with a goal of developing a real time system for both projects.
evaluate project space flight electronic parts requirements and develop a plan jointly with the parts project engineers in fulfilling these requirements. identify part availability by searching existing inventory of electronic parts, and initiate procurement cycle for parts shortage. ensure parts meet the technical screening requirements as defined by the part specialist or radiation specialist. track and maintain project parts lists.
develop and design, and test p&w jet engine controls diagnostics systems software phm systems.
supported mfg engineering, performing gage r&r and process validation. supported development engineering with tooling design and cyclic testing to support validation and fda submittal efforts.
assists pcb design team, develops cad (computer aided design) models in altium, reads and interprets schematics, and aids in newgrange qa processes
install and configure various types of systems, including audiovisual, surveillance, and access control. coordinate projects with other company departments and outside contractors. perform system level and component level troubleshooting and repair. communicate with internal customers to determine needs and problems and to identify satisfactory solutions. provide technical support for systems managed by the electronics engineering department. develop and document equipment maintenance procedures
wrote python program to automate the data analysis, visualization, and report generation process to support continuous cleanroom quality control, saving team twenty hours per month. identified and alleviated a bottleneck in the manufacturing process. collected optical wavefront measurements, analyzed and improved process flow, then authored comprehensive documentation and provided training on how to perform this step of in process testing.
prepare and prosecute patent us and pct applications directed to the electrical, mechanical, and software arts. specific technologies prosecuted include: virtualized systems and servers, hyperconverged infrastructure architecture, artificial intelligence systems, neural networks, encryption and network security, wireless networking protocols, power and control systems, telecommunications, wireless access systems, broadband systems, rf system architecture, signal processing, and cloud computing
i got my dream opportunity to construct an autonomous driving car prototype using a nitrogen 6x board integrated with a mentor sysdk platform. by using artificial neural networks, it had the ability to predict discrete directions for the movement of the car. i also integrated a haar cascade classifier for it to detect traffic signs, while an ultrasonic sensor helped it detect objects in front.
create electrical and fire alarm drawings for many healthcare and comercial facilities, including fit outs and ground up builds.
research, develop, integrate, and review antenna and passive microwave designs and processes by working with multiple engineering disciplines to meet system performance requirements. perform trade studies, modeling, simulation and other forms of analysis to predict component, interconnects and system performance to optimize design around established requirements. evaluate customer and operational needs to define and coordinate antenna/array system performance requirements, integrate techni
worked on physical design as part of the standard cell library team. also worked on ml based automation flows for digital cell design
i work with a team of modeling and simulation engineers to develop high fidelity radar technology models for our customers. i use tools like matlab, simulink, and object oriented c++ programming in model development.
supported testing and validation of fancoil and spp projects. managed room efficiency and effectiveness of testing by mitigating issues as they arose in testing. designed manual thermostat switch boxes for use in testing. designed test stands and ductwork for leak testing in spp units.
worked with a thirty student team on a cubesat for 3d temperature profiling of earth’s troposphere assisted with the development of a new revision of a printed circuit board using altium pcb design suite interfaced with an interdisciplinary team of students to run verification and validation tests of radiometer payload evaluated performance of radiometer payload with assistance from nist and ee department at cu
provided technical leadership on new business initiatives including the development of a local wi fi hotspot program, a hospitality interactive television platform, and the launch of voice services.
i took this job immediately after i graduated university, as i was not to start my new job for a month after graduation, and i needed an income.
execute daily routines of maintenance activities of electrical medium voltage grid. work with engineering in plan projects. provide weekly reports on activities. replace and install new medium voltage switchgear (4160v)
communicating with customers via phone calls and message services to identify and troubleshoot customer problems by utilizing a variety of software tools to navigate customer accounts, research and review policies and communicate effective solutions.
quality engineer in an automotive parts manufacturing plant. auditing and continuous improvement project support on multi spindle machines for milling steel and aluminum parts
designs, develops, and tests the manufacturing and installation of electrical equipment or systems associated with capital and operations and maintenance (o&m) projects. additionally, manages project budget and coordinates contractor and technician support to minimize the cost and time required to install project. development of flow sheets, wiring diagrams, and detailed calculations are also required, as well as troubleshooting, procurement, and operational and construction support.
one. built a system that automatically examines illegal comment reports for customer service team. two. utilized convolutional kernels that capture insulting phrases and carefully engineered features of comment spams to train ml models, and then developed a corresponding ml model server with tensorflow serving. three. achieved eighty-eight% and ninety-seven% accuracies on insulting and spamming detection, respectively.
leading a gnss lab and field tests for apple. designing and applying a field test. post processing data
r&d work on the electronics of precision glass scale encoders for machine tool industry.
designed a non contact haptic feedback system for a vr (virtual reality) setup using a multi woofer system to generate controlled air vortices. this was developed for vr entertainment setups where the air vortex generated can be modeled for various types of touch sensations.
hewlett packard is a technology company focused on sustainability and innovation. as a software developer intern, i worked on building enterprise level applications.
perform lab bench integration and testing with electronic warfare hardware utilizing multiple rf bench tools and various internally developed software. capture various rf data and perform signal processing and analysis.
>pioneer of analog circuit modeling team, explored real number modeling for high accuracy analog behavioral models and working towards creating analog ip of usb type c designs using the udt udn features of system verilog. > modeled and compiled a library of basic analog components like capacitors, inductors, power cmos devices. extended the models to create circuits like dc dc converter, relaxation oscillators which have significant simulation time gain over verilog a models
preformed maintenance, servicing and inspections on c seventeen & c one hundred and thirty aircrafts. instructed and trained new employees.
zero point offers mission critical products and services to the united states government. capabilities include mission support services, subject matter experts, tools, techniques, and training in support of national security.
taught two sections (approximately fifty students) about the basics of computer hardware and software tools that are being used by engineers in multiple disciplines. graded homework, exams and lab assignments.
coordinating and teaching in the computer engineering winter school program collecting and collating data for analysis and comparison. graphical outputs, report writing and presentation of results. creating and maintaining student profiles to monitor student progress. continuous identification and intervention for ‘at risk’ students. monitoring of course pass rates and identifying problems counselling students on life skills and time management mentoring statistics consulting
hydraulics troubleshooting / design role
hours varied greatly because i worked alongside family in a family owned construction business and farm. dates varied as well. i worked consistently part time from two thousand and ten to two thousand and sixteen. do note that i only worked during the summers of years two thousand and seventeen to two thousand and nineteen because of college.
developed c++ applications for embedded applications as well as c# applications for azure cloud applications.
programmed an emulation of a microprocessor. set up a testbed for the emulator.
i was the responsible engineer for the digital communication and video system on the world's first 3d printed rocket, terran one. i designed the video encoder system, internal lighting system, and ethernet phys for vehicle communications. i also designed test systems for acceptance and qualification testing and investigated issues following vehicle hotfire tests. additionally, i led design trade studies for computational and network systems during the early phase of terran r design.
functional software development and verification of transfer case ecu for four wheel drive vehicles. performed software development process by using matlab, dspace targetlink, code warrior tools. established good software quality by performing mil/sil process and by maintaining mil/sil tools. successfully performed integration of functional software and base software by resolving interface issues and thus creating final build for software release.
responsible for maintaining an extensive inventory database of semi conductor manufacturing components. i defined how parts and their locations should be managed digitally while ensuring that employees understood and interacted with the system correctly. i was also responsible for identifying, replicating, and documenting inventory system bugs and tested patches before they were rolled out to the live server. my work allowed for the timely procurement and sale of components to customers.
troubleshot, measured, and tuned low pass, high pass, band pass filters using multimeter and network analyzer. tested and grouped ferrite cores for transformers. packaged electronic components for boards.
as a research intern, under the guidance of professor b.g. fernandes, the project i was working on was to achieve "a sensor less control of permanent magnet bldc motor using pll and a 3rd harmonic back emf". it was a national centre for photovoltaic research and education (ncpre) project. my task was to develop "an igbt based three phase inverter circuit for driving the motor and implement the control logic on a digital signal processor". i was able to get a deeper insight in mppt and inverters.
accomplished engineering leadership professional eight+ years in supporting multibillion dollar operations, developing substantial cost reductions, and successfully leading mission critical projects to drive innovation and support business objectives. leverages continuous improvement methodologies, proven best practices, and positive leadership techniques to continuously enhance operational efficiency and develop solutions for impacting profitability. career highlights: eight+ years as an electrical
involved in the development of a matlab program that analyzes load flow in the distribution system in a mesh network with a defined number of nodes, complex load power consumption at the nodes through the forward backward load flow algorithm for ieee thirty-three bus network.
pilot an hh 60m helicopter and strategically employ medical aircraft, personnel, and equipment to support the army mission
design and analyze power systems for small satellite applications design and analyze antennas for small satellite applications
designed soft ip ip for various fpga use cases, with varying complexity. writes rtl files, debugging code with verification engineers, and closing timing related issues.
refer to https://www.linkedin.com/in/omar mahboob/ for a comprehensive bulleted list on my internship experience!
calculus iii (vv215) is for international students only one. hold review class for students to review course materials two. answer questions from international students in office hour three. grade exam and homework
one.extensive responsibilities in troubleshooting, diagnosis, fault isolation, testing, installation/removal, assembly and preventive/corrective maintenance of a wide variety of electronic systems/components. two.corrected faulty or defective connections. replaced broken, discolored, or frayed wiring. three.performed final and operational checks upon the completion of routine and non routine maintenance. four.supervised five avionics technicians while in combat zone. documented work assignments using nalcomis
change a wide variety of light bulbs, ballasts, switches, and outlets perform necessary repairs and light fixture cleaning on buildings, rides, and games with the assistance of a full time electrician help with repairs, install, and troubleshoots electrical wiring systems, controls, lighting fixtures, kitchen equipment, heating systems, buildings, power stations, vehicles, and ride equipment successfully climb ride structures and ladders work on electronic fright fest props
i worked on developing a multithreaded python/c++ test framework to validate critical functionalities of the backend flash controller. studied nand features like read\program disturb, data retention, and wear out, including algorithms to handle them. i proposed and developed workloads to characterize the low density parity check block in the backend nand controller.
underwent training on lean manufacturing and custom engineering.
full time professional software engineer.
prepared and executed commissioning specifications, commissioning plans, pre functional/functional testing documents, integrated testing documents, discrepancy reports, systems manuals and executive reports for large scale data centers.
led and participated on teams of engineers, industrial designers, and outside cfd analysts in successful development and introduction to market of variety of compactly designed and innovative products for business, consumer and medical industries.
advanced manufacturing engineering manager (july two thousand and twenty-two present) senior manufacturing engineer (march two thousand and twenty-two july two thousand and twenty-two) senior manufacturing supervisor (november two thousand and twenty-one march two thousand and twenty-two) manufacturing supervisor (february two thousand and twenty-one november two thousand and twenty-one) senior industrial engineer ( february two thousand and twenty february two thousand and twenty-one) industrial engineer (may two thousand and nineteen february two thousand and twenty) engineering intern (october two thousand and eighteen may two thousand and nineteen)
graded c, c++, java programming assignments designed an automated programming assignment grading application for professors (c++, mysql, php) assembled, programmed, and tested a vehicle obdii remote logging device (arduino c, gsm, gps, obdii) assisted civil engineering department with programming arduino based material “creep” testing device (arduino c, labview)
kelvi is a startup company creating new ways for athletes to recover from injuries. i was part of the core r&d team. my primary role was to design hardware solutions for different parts of the product. this included creating custom pcb boards(mentor graphics pads) and being in charge of validating the hardware and firmware working together. i was also involved with creating numerous test fixtures to achieve functionality tests as well as living up to rigorous quality standards.
repaired malfunctioning modules returned by customers in a timely fashion. tested outgoing modules sent by the manufacturer to ensure quality. designed enhancements to assist with testing controller and i/o modules.
i worked on following projects: one health monitor: built a web application to monitor any machine remotely by keeping track of services, processes running on it. two chatbot application: developed a retrieval based basic chatbot application, which used machine learning classifier to respond \newline\newline exposure: mysql, web app development, machine learning, nlp(natural language processing), python, nltk, scipy toolkit }
nuclear trained electrician's mate
ensure preventive maintenance of building utilities and machinery, manufacturing systems, mechanical and electro mechanical equipment, and provide laboratory support. create and drive priorities and timelines for project completion while controlling costs, expenses, and managing budgets. submit ad hoc estimates of design costs including equipment, installation, labor, materials, preparation, and other related expenses for budgetary purposes. provide criteria and performance specifications
managed stakeholder engagement through effective communication and negotiation. monitored and controlled project execution, including budget management, risk management, and quality assurance. utilized project management lifecycle and methodologies for planning and executing transport operations. coordinated route optimization to minimize idle and personal conveyance miles. ensured quality by auditing contracts, invoices, and logs for compliance.
designing and implementing ami (advanced metering infrastructure) pilot projects in tehran and hormoz island in iran
i am the instrument auditor for the district, meaning that i am responsible for ensuring that all instruments at air monitoring sites within the district are operating within criteria set by federal and state regulations. in addition, i am responsible for our emergency wildfire smoke monitors and am currently designing a self sufficient air monitor that can be deployed to remote locations.
machinery set up and 2d 3d drawings design using ms tools, sap and solidworks electrical for electrical motors manufacturing.
i was a teaching assistant for engr one hundred and thirty-one and one hundred and thirty-two.
conducted electromagnetic interference (emi) and environmental testing per military standards for over seven ice protection system related programs at accredited laboratories. performed in house evaluation testing for design validation with humidity chamber, temperature/altitude chamber, and power quality testing with programmable power supply. collaborated frequently with mechanical and electrical engineering departments to identify and troubleshoot failures regarding emissions, emi susceptibility,
i have developed transponders and tracking receivers for artificial satellites in space, including rf circuits design, manufacturing and test support as well as negotiation for a scope of work.
led shifts every day, making sure customers get a fast, accurate, friendly experience every visit. provided leadership to crew and other shift leads during a shift to ensure great quality, service and cleanliness to customers.
my scope of work entails various tasks, including electrical design, mechanical drafting employing solidworks, formulation of wiring control specifications, generation of bills of materials (bom), and comprehensive manufacturing instructions. these responsibilities pertain to medium voltage liquid filled distribution transformers, with capacities reaching up to 5mva and equipped to handle 200kv basic insulation level (bil). the transformers i engage with include substation, pad mounted, etc.
carolina power systems (cps) located in sumter sc, is funded by the united states government who is tasked to provided electrical grade equipment to the united states military. cps adheres to military specifications and iso nine thousand and one:two thousand and fifteen standards.
electrical and computer engineering internship working with a multidisciplinary embedded processing group that designs and tests advanced processor systems for space launch missions. group specializes in spacecube v3.zero technologies as high performance, radiation hardened, hybrid, in orbit processing systems. individualized hardware prototype project involves developing the fgpa compatible mipi csi two (camera serial interface) d phy adapter board.
i was in the human machine interface (hmi) team and worked on the test automation of displays. i had used python and selenium to reduce the time taken to test the functionalities of the displays. one of the notable feats during my internship was that i had reduced the time taken to test the marine hmi from fifteen days to six hours. this achievement was highly commended by my supervisor.
transitioned software base to new board design. implemented rt clock synchronization using cellular network connection. integrated plug and play functionality for methane sensor
as a mentor for the apsu governor's school for computational physics, i was responsible for attending the classes with the students monday friday and assisting them in the classroom when they did classwork/labs, and also helping them do homework outside of class. during the evening/night, i was also charged to act as a resident's assistant, being there for the needs of the students and also making sure they behaved properly.
design special function control boards and pcbs. train and supervise up to fifteen students and engineers. design, simulate and analyze automation and robotic systems. design self learning control systems.
apart of the asic design services team, designing and providing chip solutions for next generation technology applications (5nm) conducting floor planning, placement and routing, clock insertion and timing closure at an rlm level regularly debug physical design checks such as drc, erc, lvs, ir, upf fluency in tcl scripting, linux/unix utilities, flows and methodologies in physical design strict focus on block level power, performance and area constraints
primary developer for the “tribe management & systems integration tool” proof of concept project that utilized the maven build tool and javafx for the graphic user interface executed free open source software remediation by updating blacklisted maven jar files supporting the corporate, municipal, and unit investment trust web application
i was responsible for initial rollout of a gps tracking system and complimentary phone app in thousands of vehicles for car dealerships across atlanta. in doing so, i was solely responsible for testing and validation of the devices ensuring the system worked as advertised.
individual contributor to a censis research project. provided software algorithm protocols for interrogating ordinance and other objects buried beneath a lossy earth media interface.
developed software for countertop cbc blood analyzer.
· worked with vendors to implement automation solutions to increase efficiency. · led discussions with manufacturing leadership to change automated vehicles to match their needs. · programmed and outfitted autonomous vehicles to deliver quality samples.
i was responsible for designing and maintaining company wide electrical and automation control systems and devices in a variety of technologies, including electrical, industrial automation, embedded systems, and computer programming, as well as training the engineers of the company.
bring a novel film capacitor technology to market through enhancing test and measurement capabilities to verify fitness for end use in extreme environments.
software engineer on multiple different teams including: active safety, fuel cell, and embedded electrification controls.
design engineer
south carolina department of transportation (scdot) performs and maintain roadways throughout south carolina. this position fulfilled the internship role which tasks included troubleshooting issues and working with a team of ten to maintain traffic stoplights in five counties, set controlled timings and uploaded software to naztec controllers in cable box to control traffic and supervising live view intersections with advanced traffic management systems using main server.
managed the database of all atms, keeping track of their functioning status. helped clients to troubleshoot any technical issues with their atms, hardware or software, both over the phone and at the locations. provided on call emergency repair service to any machine in the region.
provided engineering and programmatic support to the navy peo ships ddg fifty-one class destroyer systems engineering and flight design branch. directly supported as the teams main reduction gear engineer by providing acquisition program management as well as resolution of technical issues. reviewed engineering change proposals (ecps) being implemented to the fy18 ddgs (flight iia and iii) detail designs and assisted with zone reviews. serco purchased contract july two thousand and nineteen.
conducted hardware and software design of smart wireless industrial controllers. monitor supply chain shortages and modify hardware and software to accommodate. analyze effects of process assemblies on electrical hardware to increase product yield.
responsible for design and testing of new products used for rf power measurement. coordinated transition of products from prototype phase to production phase. developed procedures for and trained employees on the assembly, test, and calibration of new products.
architected two projects for testing hardware for a telematics iot beacon and a scissor lift control module built a visio wire harness diagram for the lift control module and then assembled harnesses to the module devised a python script and wire harness to connect to and control a telematics iot beacon with can reduced engineering travel for fifty% of tests with the python test script for the beacon validated the python script on hardware undergoing impact testing to track the health of th
i lead the chicago telecommunications team in the design, installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of various communications systems including but not limitied to, licensed and unlicensed microwave radio, uhf and vhf voice and data radio, serial to ip communications, voip, 48vdc ups systems, fiber networks, video servers and cameras, ptc radio, tcp/ip layer two and layer three switches and routers, servers and database management, microsft power platform app dev.
supervisor in charge of catering staff for jewish events. part time gig while going to college for a bachelor's degree.
established 5s housekeeping standards and visual process management boards through direct management of eighteen operators and two engineers for raw material selection and logistics generated new engineering development program to get new engineers trained and up to speed quicker increased process capability for a sand milling and pulp refining process through an automation controller which reduced the variation by six% and ten% respectively tuned control loops for air actuated valves in w
i worked with developing new tools/ features at the whq.
provides process control support to various units in the chemical plant and refinery. current role is in oil and gas (distillation and alkylation), previous role was in polypropylene.
fixed twenty-four bugs, redesigned ui/ux, improved security, modularity, and maintainability of existing angularjs/nodejs/mysql codebase implemented search page with filtering/sorting to allow employees to quickly find desired purchase orders/quotes. communicated with company owner everyday to discuss progress, roadblocks, and future work (scrum)
technical support for the vector network analyzers. debug customer's code. write code examples. in charge of some customer projects. utilize rf knowledge and understanding of the vna to help customer with measurement improvement and measurement setup.
working with the logic design team writing vhdl code and documentation that follows the standard of ieee and l3harris
i work in the research and development department of brainmaster. currently, i am programming an stm32f4 processor for a new product. i also help with prototyping through three d printing and the design of the product.
i joined qualcomm's soc validation & emulation organization as a new college graduate. as an associate hardware engineer, i developed system level test cases for validating modem functionality in emulation and post silicon platforms. after being promoted to hardware engineer, i am developing a validation test suite for global navigation subsystem and also involved in debugging critical customer issues by interacting with different cross functional teams.
in this role, i support electrical functional testing through the setup and execution of tests. i assist in additive manufacturing fabrication, procurement and assembly on the component and system level with systems and design engineers. additionally, i work with classified systems and hold a q clearance through the doe.
developed a gui to write and read data from sql database for portfolio accounting team. utilized relational tables from a sql database to store portfolio accounting tasks and information. developed a gui using visual basic within ms access to read accounting checklists and portfolio information, as well as write new portfolio data and automatically generate new checklists. performed beta testing of interface to ensure data is written to and read from tables correctly.
studying the relationship between human mast cells and a protein osteopontin.
managing and conducting engineering projects.
implemented cascade controls on offshore platform equipment by modifying flow computer communication protocols to improve operability of control systems installed vortex coolers on offshore electrical control panels to reduce panel overheating and prevent electrical equipment failures directed instrumentation and electrical crew to modify offshore oil separator and reviewed piping and instrumentation diagrams to revise operating procedures
research fellowship research group with the purpose of designing a household device that can detect potential kidney stone formation in a person.
importer and distributor of components and systems concerned with industrial automation, controls, infrastructure and building technologies. taj automation is one of the leading independent distributors of industrial automation and control components specializing in supplying various industries such as textile, oil and gas, rubber and petrochemical, fertilizer, cement, tiles, sugar mills, commercial and hotel buildings, cng stations, automotive, plastic and many other industries.
rf test solutions developing and maintenance. supporting to the mass production test floor. responsible of documentation of test solution for internal control. software and hardware debugging.
lead a team of workers to improve assembly time of the slip ring assembly in a ct scanning machine. achieved a twenty-one% improvement in the assembly time.
i managed all legal services including all aspects of libera’s intellectual property portfolio as well as prepared patent applications and registered libera’s trademarks and copyrights. also, i reviewed, put together, and negotiated licenses and complex commercial agreements for the company.
i am currently a year round intern working remotely with part time hours. my expertise in control, autonomous systems, embedded systems have allowed me to work in two projects with my employer. under division eight thousand in the power electronics department eight thousand, eight hundred and fourteen working in automation and controls of electrical systems. i developed a current model predictive controller (mpc) for a three phase grid forming inverter (gfmi) interfacing hardware in the loop (hdl).
worked in the communications and networking branch at the afrl information directorate through the premier college internship program
gave technical and safety guidance on vehicles development process and painting procedure
assisted in study of electrical stimulation therapy on stroke patients. presented research at wvu’s annual research symposium. worked with virtual reality and 3d printing.
i am a member of john deere's engineering development program, where i have worked in three positions; first as a manufacturing engineer, next in factory automation, and finally in my current role as a drivetrain controls engineer. i am new to my current role, but it consists of dynamic system modeling and response tuning.
component engineer intern. one collects component costa and technology information for various technologies under global commodity managers and engineers.
lead twenty-seven students in c programming laboratory. explained programming concepts to students with no prior programming experience. determined and compiled students’ assignment grades.
served as the project manager of a cross functional team to implement canbus enabled vehicle accessories facilitated meetings with subject matter experts in order to generate technical and customer facing requirements responsible for the planning and execution of a hardware technology investigation into wireless radios for a future connectivity/iot device led project reviews with key project stakeholders to align on project objectives and milestones ...
i was trainee in this international company. as it can be seen in my transcript, my performance was excellent. during this period, i mastered my skills in abaqus and catia, because my job was design and stress analysis of various mechanical devices, used in power stations and melting factories.
worked in storage and memory teams for development of verification ip's. in depth understanding of serial ata(sata), ddr3/four/five, lpddr4/five, hbm2/three protocols. holistic understanding of ddr memory architectures and overall ip/soc integration, design, and verification processes. computing skills developed system verilog, universal verification methodology, c, perl, python, data structures, questa, ius, vcs.
prepared and modified cable drawings in solidworks pdm for documentation management of the bacn program for the eq 4b global hawk used agile framework/methodology for project organization implemented a work instruction for new hires that documented procedures on which software for the bacn program needs to be downloaded utilized jira for task management developed application of skills including, but not limited to one thousand, five hundred and fifty-three bus, rs four hundred and twenty-two, rs four hundred and eighty-five, rs two hundred and thirty-two, spi, and uart communication protocols
i was the assistant lab ta for the digital communications lab class. i had taken the lab the previous semester with the best grade in the class, and really enjoyed the subject matter, specifically working with simulink and matlab. i effectively taught the class since the graduate ta was new to the class. i came up with lesson plans and worked out all the lab solutions myself so that i could be a resource for the students.
· actively supported onboard ground tests/ge9x engine runs for the boeing 777x flight test program. · authored a flight test plan involving engine performance for the boeing seven hundred and eighty-seven dreamliner. · incorporated git version control for labview projects, allowing teammates and myself to debug labview code.
directed weekly three hour long student laboratories for physics one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, and two hundred and four courses – calculus based scientific physics for engineers and algebra based general physics for other stem students. topics taught included fluids, thermodynamics, circuits, light and optics, impulse and momentum, oscillations and mechanical waves, sound, electricity, and magnetism. co authored a new set of grading standards for incoming teaching assistants. held weekly office hours.
i am working at national institute of standards and technology (nist) from dec two thousand and thirteen as a research associate/guest researcher via various collaborative agreements. it included an inter governmental personal agreement between nist and purdue from dec two thousand and thirteen to dec two thousand and seventeen. i was a post doctoral research associate at purdue during that time.
rf/antenna engineering design and analysis
assisted staff at company with technical matters duties included reading, evaluating, and presenting info gathered from patents and research papers to both technical and non technical staff
i have worked on different domains like upf, cdc, soc integration as a component design engineer.
embedded software engineer for various ev programs working on powertrain control boards. responsible for developing, testing, and documenting new features on prototype hardware through firmware.
design, engineering, testing and commissioning of industrial control systems, dcs, instrumentation and electrical projects.
developed and updated matlab code for time series synthesis of tropospheric attenuation for latest itu radiowave propagation models. developed matlab code for bit error rate simulation to compute confidence intervals, add user specified confidence based goals, and utilize parallelization to improve simulation time.
i worked on updating an app for water catchment. the updates involved getting the app ready for a newer ios and moving servers from the previous developers in house sql to aws.
vision and sensors r&d sustaining engineer responsible for reducing sensor (em sensor, camera, led) related field complaints and informing improvements for future r&d releases.
signal tracking project which involved writing python code to move a flir d300e pan/tilt positioner unit to lock on to and track a moving signal for increased throughput and better signal strength. using the serial protocol manual and python tkinter, a graphical user interface was created for easy interfacing with the d300. worked on a project focused on interoperability with apco twenty-five and an ettus usrp b205 mini software defined radio. work was done using existing p25 open source code.
mainly focused on implementing various dsp filtering functions on fpga using digital logic to output iq data for wireless communication applications. use matlab and python scripting to test dsp functions before hardware implementation. instantiate dsp functions in c++ for software applications related to lte and 5g cell towers.
researched and developed autonomous uavs as a team in a lab environment. gained experience in: matlab, simulink, python, linux/unix, gnu bash during this research opportunity, the team: prototyped a unique waypoint system, and successfully implemented it on uav hardware. researched and integrated mapping/path planning algorithms for autonomous uav onboard navigation. tested and improved the waypoint system and path planning implementation. designed and printed a research poster that showcase
preformed system analysis to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints selected components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliability collaborated with mechanical teams to verify physical constraints of designs presented design reviews to peer engineers and supervisors
simulation of a converter on matlab/simulink that allows the flow of power in both directions, either powering the battery or charging the battery (regenerative braking) and analysis of the operation of the converter under different configurations.
modeled cities in fusion360 and performed a blast simulation of surrounding buildings worked with computational fluid dynamics (cfd) software: openfoam, blastfoam created a literature review by collecting academic research to validate the catastrophe models created a database of previous terrorism attacks with resulting building damage and human injury
mission analyst in gps warfighter collaboration cell. duties include using satellite position and signal data to generate and distribute gps coverage products.
studied and analyzed the working of power electronics devices, specifically h–bridge inverters (dc to ac conversion) studied the principles of inductor core design and filter design and their respective applications in the power electronics domain worked on automation of the electronic design process
completed production report and manage daily inventory for five hundred+ capacity daily responsible for maintaining h.s.e standards in the kitchen improved cost control metrics and standards tools: kronos, primavera, excel, access, sql
supported basic it services. supervised student use of computer labs and assisted with technical issues.
this was an internship program intended for students before being hired to the full patient assistance care coordinator position. benefits investigation, case management, and data entry patient support services and call handling
researched topics related to 2d materials (tmdcs), programmable transistor, and simulation & modeling. developed and modeled a novel nano transistor gate tunable mos2 fet, which combines the operations of both the tunnel fet and mosfet in the same device. fabricated and simulated mos2 fet with schottky contact, serving as a tunable knob. wrote several optimized codes from scratch using tcad and matlab. validated the experimental and simulated data and published them in ieee transaction
assessed various critical alerts with the sap basis team, including replication issues configured, monitored, and troubleshot the sap environment as well as scheduled and executed the sap transport system
created various electrical drawings and schematics for hydraulic and pneumatic machinery applications.
i focused on hi tech contract law, intellectual property law, and patent prosecution as well as assisted clients in the fields of computer hardware and software, medical devices, telecommunications, semiconductors, financial and e commerce technology, farm and construction equipment, food processing, and industrial instrumentation and control.
worked 29hr in the summer and fifteen twenty during the school year.
worked in the biological learning and rehabilitation group. implemented and analyzed methods for real time onset detection in emg.
this upcoming spring and summer, i am interning for seven months at oak ridge national lab (computational sciences & engineering division) on intermolecular envelopes with dr. arvind ramanathan, working on a set of proteins that are particularly challenging to work with called intrinsically disordered proteins (idp). experimental data is gathered via neutron/x ray scattering experiments. this is low resolution data, however, which is why finite element analysis is vital. molecular envelopes can be t
constructed the mechanical backbone for silicon surface barrier detectors for the upstream tracker detector upgrade of the lhcb experiment at the large hadron collider at cern.
developed a transaction based debugging interface using react js to visualize l2 cache transactions, events, and attributes, facilitating design verification and tag debugging correlated multithreaded cache ops on hardware level, parsing transactions to a json created stimulus to verify cache cleaning blocks by driving signals in uvm and adding support in the testbench for new rtl
prepare and facilitate simulated flight testing, operate software/hardware, and satisfy air force and navy customer requirements concerning the operational and developmental test environment of modeling and simulation
engineer single line, elevation, and site layout designs for replacement and installation of electrical substations including thirteen.2kv incoming electrical switches, dry type transformers, automatic transfer switches, generators, 480v switchgears, and enclosures. compose statement of works (sow) detailing expectations and specifications required through the performance of the project. perform independent government estimates (ige)
technical production lead of embedded fuse contract responsible for low quantity production validated and improved post production qc procedures for embedded fuses lead successful processes development of potting embedded fuses under vacuum member of trade study that sought to improve safety, manufacturability, and cost of safe and arm module
my main responsibility was assisting in the research and development of advanced high frequency communication systems. other responsibilities included assisting in the software development, instrumentation calibration, and the hardware installation of the test procedures for antennas tested in our labs. additionally, i was also responsible for assisting in the performance of these measurements as well as the formulation of results for publication.
responsible for planning, coordinating, and implementing initial check out for space circuit card assemblies.
oversaw the production and engineering growth of gaas laser diode epitaxial structures. also was responsible for the maintenance and repair of molecular beam epitaxy (mbe) systems. collected and analyzed characterization data of wafers post epi growth.
i led a study session and grade for classes including: control systems, signals and systems, physics for engineers i & ii. i also tutored college students weekly in various levels of math, science, and engineering.
participated in the following efforts for manufacturing line improvement: manufacturing line improvement with the dmaic methodology manufacturing line layout design and implementation manufacturing line tools design and implementation 5s implementation
primary point of contact for a wide array of corporate customers as we design, manufacture, and deliver custom pcbs, firmware/software, and plastics/enclosures for their commercial products wrote proposals and scopes of work as an interface between customers and our engineering, procurement, and sales teams. worked on project planning, estimation, scheduling, design, implementation, and closeout activities, for life cycle of a project
managed online data during large scale launch on five unique platforms worked with branch heads and app developers for smooth transition to numerous delivery platforms at fifty+ locations
i was responsible for designing the hardware system of a new model of industrial robot pendant. specifically, i designed the carrier board for the cpu system on module, which includes interfaces such as usb3.one, gigabit ethernet, and touch screen display interface. i successfully conducted bring up testing and electromagnetic pre compliance tests. additionally, i developed a display driver circuit board and several other circuit boards for production testing.
development and maintenance for embedded data acquisition systems.
ensured proper emission sensor durability through analyzing monitors and matlab script simulations. achieved stringent federal emissions standards through extensive road testing and cold weather trips. accelerated new engineer learning and productivity by creating a new employee calibration handbook.
managed multiple telecommunications equipment deployment projects involving design, survey, installation, commissioning, integration, testing and acceptance. technologies included access networks, transmission networks, core networks of telecommunications service providers.
design of schematic, firmware, and pcbs used in automated door and gate systems. analysis of circuit boards (fmea) and management of ul three hundred and twenty-five & nine hundred and ninety-one compliance testing. troubleshooting and repair of electromechanical (relay based) and pcb based door and gate systems. provide remote diagnosis, troubleshooting, and support to field technicians.
for first year engineering course, specifically thirteen thousand, three hundred. work as part of a team with an instructor, graduate tas, and other peer teachers to assist students. perform grading, attend weekly meetings with the teaching team, and complete other duties as assigned.
checking hvac equipment for virtual alarms and bringing them back into set point range remotely. scheduling equipment’s and properly documenting/organizing those schedules. adjusting the code for the equipment in either gcl or ppcl, and properly documenting those adjustments. worked with a team to program operation schedules in over five hundred devices.
worked on four projects for the length of the remote internship. developed new software for the hvac processor to be applied to the domestic brands of fca. benchmarked competitor implementations of automatic climate control.
worked as an embedded software engineer at raytheon missile systems. worked with a number of teammates in an agile(scrum) environment to complete tasks. tasks included: programmed software drivers to interface to imus, fpgas, memory, and other peripherals. worked with vxworks and green hills operating systems to enforce real time constraints. wrote embedded c++ to implement system requirements defined in interface control documents. automated telemetry data analysis through python and matlab
guides students through a curriculum consisting of python coding and machine learning develops projects with students utilizing strong programming fundamentals performs student evaluations to monitor performance and production crafts lesson plans to strengthen student understanding of programming principles including loops, conditionals, recursion, and general object oriented programming fundamentals collaborates regularly with students to review subject matter
conducted experiments using a549 lung cells to observe the effects of nanoparticles on cellular functionalities
assisted process engineers with wafer bow analysis, statistical process control, and routine tool preventative maintenance.
i worked in the supervisory control and data acquisition (scada) business, relating to power grids. as an intern, i developed a python tool to help project engineers debug work much faster.
executed four major trade studies with product development to model $four million savings for future airplane production systems; managed technical team in agile development of conops and requirements generation for production system lifecycle; coordinated meetings with design engineering, stakeholders, manufacturing groups to identify risks and mitigation solutions; implemented change control process in digital models to enable program goal of reducing overhead costs by thirty%
work on various projects that are a mix of experimental and source coding work that are based in the nuclear engineering sector.
i held office hours to help students further engage with the material and the topics they struggled with, created and delivered lectures for biweekly recitation sections, and graded assignments and exams and reported student performance to other tas and the professor.
developed a telemetry system using a raspberry pi and arduino. collected sensor data using an arduino, and uploaded it to the cloud using the pi. developed a gui on the pi to display real time data.
new role in the organization; somewhat of a hybrid between traditional project management, scrum master, and process manager for a growing company that makes rugged servers for demanding environments.
developed tune and match circuit box on a pcb and tested using vector network analyzer and smith chart. simulated circuit design with various component values to appropriately tune and match on ltspice. soldered box to flexible coil that will be placed in the body to easier detect small pituitary tumors in mri.
taught kindergarten through 7th grade. led curriculum and lesson plan development.
improved and validated speed density air charge estimation model using chassis dyno and fuel flow meter. developed calibration for cold start open loop fueling using limit fuels across entire start temperature range. worked closely with controls software team to discover and validate fixes for engine control strategy issues. developed calibration for tip out (dashpot) torque shaping feature.
designed the most effective way a front trunk (“frunk”) should open/close. gained a deep knowledge in troubleshooting and design work. collaborated with others to develop a successful front trunk using various parameters. ford motor company – dearborn, mi engineering intern; june two thousand and twenty august two thousand and twenty worked with a product development team to solve vehicle detection loss. analyzed and designed an adaptive driving beam system using software testing
developed optimization scripts in mathematica for application in the study of quantum entanglement measures. strengthened knowledge of quantum information science through supervisor guided independent study curriculum.
complete layout closure of ic partitions in 10nm and 14nm process node.
prepared and prosecuted us and pct patent applications directed to the electrical, mechanical, and software arts. specific technologies prosecuted include: software systems, analytical forecasting, data mining, wireless networking protocols, signal processing, data storage, databases, distributed/cloud computing, client server systems, telecommunications, cloud gaming, artificial intelligence, network security and encryption, computer graphics, ar/vr, animation, and robotics.
working within a small group of engineers on the early stage applications/development of a new etching tool performing tool management, rapid troubleshooting, and maintenance as necessary uncovering current design flaws of platform and communicating with factory teams across the us on planned course of action executing on etch and metrology/sem tool operation for etch and defect improvement and customer demo work using critical thinking to analyze metrology data and trends in jmp and excel
i designed steel structures, central air conditioning systems, and electrical systems
emi/ems problem analysis and troubleshooting between power lines and telecommunication lines introduction of emi/emc standards (iec, cispr, etc.) and a member of the emi/emc national standards commission.
assisted students with programming in vpython taught complex concepts through lab demonstrations and simulation programs provided feedback on the laboratory lesson plan
project engineer, performing different projects for third part companies.
my role as a design verification engineer involved the functional coverage of the clock management unit of premium system on chips.
failure analysts discover electrical and physical evidence to clearly identify the cause of failure through straightforward but sophisticated analytical measurement systems, bench top equipment, and a range of other techniques. analysts are equipped to address the complex process, as they are proficient in design, process, assembly and test, and applications, with deep knowledge of physics, electrical, chemical and mechanical engineering.
front end hardware design engineer working for the intel graphics team. responsible for the rtl design, analysis, and optimization of arbiter units for the cache network of graphics processors. previously working on the functional, power, and performance validation of the graphics memory fabric architecture.
collaborated with subcontractor to develop hardware and code for embedded control board on small scale delivery system collaborated with other internal offices to research and develop piezoelectric cantilever beam generator
implemented graphics updates for parts profiles on local workstations to improve cell efficiency. reconciled engineering drawings and documentation to ensure product would meet customer expectations.
completed all assigned data entry requests within required time frames while maintaining accuracy. updated hardware drivers and installed necessary applications for new desktops. accessed and diagnosed hardware and software issues that occur within the office.
worked in the secure gateway team . performed automation on testing procedures of secure ecus on bosch proprietary software.also worked on can protocol
credited for having revolutionized the banking industry in process automation and transformation of a microfinance bank to a tier one bank.
oversaw implementation of aptiv for electric motor calibration team. established a process for requesting and retrieving data from aptiv and prepared the team to use aptiv for issue identification on all applications. participated in the two thousand and twenty-one intern design thinking challenge, where design thinking methodology was used to develop a solution that reimagined the customer stellantis relationship using the customer car relationship.
fpga designer
helped client with significant noise and vibration issues for new two hundred and fifty kw generator product being developed. suggested innovative design solutions to mitigate noise. recommended data acquisition hardware (e.g. mics, audio interface, etc.) and wrote python scripts that were used to analyze measurements and help focus effort on areas with greatest opportunity.
designed sub six ghz antennas to meet desired specifications by utilizing hfss, ads, and autocad tested and designed antennas using vna and anechoic chamber
obtained package outline drawings for legacy devices from overseas assembly vendors and organized them in product life management software, agile. learned and applied cadence package designer software to audit and ensure accuracy of drawings being released. obtained, organized, and uploaded material and bill of material datasheets, documents, and engineering data. created marketing outline drawings and generated assembly instructions for legacy devices.
o implemented a voice recognition software addition to valet using .net and c++/cli. o designed simple voice commands to allow the user to control the valet system and implemented o a hot keyword was implemented to start speech recognition. o implemented an mfc panel to draw and render text using opengl to give visual feedback to the user. o wrote abstract and technical paper on the research work, published to purdue e pubs. o link: http://docs.lib.purdue.edu/surf/two thousand and fifteen/presentations/one hundred and fourteen/
designed multiple filemaker pro applications to create a central location for the files used in the manufacturing process. wrote python code to aid the creation and maintenance of the applications. presented the applications to the manager, engineers, and coworkers to demonstrate how it works and receive feedback. worked with another intern to design a wireless timer that would alert the machine operator in another room when the cleaning machine was finished.
reviewed engineering plans, specifications, cost estimates, evaluations and provided guidance on the course of action to be taken. developed and applied technical solutions for complex projects and processes.
rotate through three four roles across different business units within a fifteen eighteen month period support design, test, and validation efforts related to control software follow sw cadence plan to support achievement of milestones and deadlines ~nine month experience in microgrid and inverter control space
intern in the advanced high frequency branch, supporting phased array antenna development for telecommunications purposes. worked summer two thousand and twenty and spring through summer two thousand and twenty-one.
developing a program that extracts and geo tags features from ultra high resolution aerial images.
analyzed the economic and regulatory realities of the commercial space launch sector via the wise internship program. explored the positive impacts that engineering expertise and technical communication can have on public policy debates.
researcher for vision based quality assurance, prolonged to my bachelor thesis.
department: dcc replacement team, computer design
temp. highway construction technician i for nedot district one. see resume for details.
part of the team responsible to update the performance’s data and software of the company, including: bps for landing and takeoff; eloadsheet for weight and balance. analysis of the data generated in the systems to optimize the aircraft’s performance; creation of manuals and instructions for the procedures in the engineering department and the operation; development of vba’s systems to automate processes in the operation.
twelve week internship with eaton in its bussmann division. worked with multiple engineers on fuse designs, testing and other tasks. collaborated with production teams in china to ensure design changes to current fuses meet ul standards. analyzed existing electric vehicle fuse design to predict sand loss during production and minimize loss in the future. designed a three d printed x ray stand in solidworks to capture more detailed fulgurite buildup inside tested fuses.
specified, designed, tested, implemented, documented and commissioned a pulsed width modulated (pwm) motor current monitoring device for gemini’s cassegrain rotator and wrap system. implemented a current transducer that feed into a programmable logic controller (plc) to have motor current information time stamped and logged.
my current job is as an active duty electrical engineer (afsc: 62e1e) for the united states air force. i am an officer currently (2nd lt. / o one) and i am an engineer and program manager for various technical projects within my squadron, 705th combat training squadron, 505th command and control wing, air force combat command
collaborated in the generation of tactical radar software utilizing c/c++ for the patriot missile defense system. also, performed system level software integration and testing to ensure full system functionality.
actively contributed to decisions for processors, memory, and storage for the egyptsat a satellite. utilized mips budget to determine subsystems’ computational power needes to be implemented on a real time os. contributed to the design of an efficient real time operating system and associated algorithms.
i provided quality assurance for missile batteries through developing drawings, procuring electronic test equipment, and making lot acceptance test reports.
researched laser induced all optical spin (aos) switching in crystalline ferrimagnets. used fortran programs to model laser beams and their respective e&m fields, as well as using wien2k to develop electronic structure models as materials in ultrafast pulse laser calculations. researched five d modeling of quark gluon plasma in heavy ion collisions using different models. created python scripts as ode solvers to find phase transitions for chiral condensates versus temperatures in mev ranges.
maintained operations of lam rainbow four thousand, five hundred and twenty-eight dry etching and axcelis fusion gemini ashing equipment to drive fab performance kpis, such as wip, number of fails and first pass success rate responsible for supporting ocaps to stabilize etch rate and particle spc charts of deep trench oxide and etch stop nitride process developed tool availability improvement programs by implementing tool interdiction/monitoring system models and optimizing communication between central automation and tool
lead hardware and software design for a next gen digital and analog i/o industrial control module coordinate prototyping and design implementation with other engineers and technicians create testing criteria and checklist for new features and raise standards of the testing process author hardware and software design documents and contribute to creating a user manual foster a customer centric approach to product and feature development tools/languages: kicad, c++,assembly, pic32, matlab
responsible for power integrity of supercomputer motherboards and cabinet level power distribution networks perform signal integrity analysis for high speed serdes channels, including copper roughness and jitter analysis
conducted time series analysis and contributed web crawler code for company’s upcoming sustainable development goals. established a web crawler to scrape greenhouse gas emission and large time series data (~six gb) from websites. refactored python scrapy code and built up data pipeline to receive and store the scraped data in mongodb. implemented exploratory data analysis with python to obtain business insights after querying data from mongodb. initialized markov transition matrix and perf
first year engineering epics (engr one hundred and thirty-three) lead and enhanced virtual student learning of scientific computing, data analysis, and web services in python and matlab. introduced elementary methods for image processing with machine learning in python. partnered with local not for profit community organizations to provide technology solutions defined in project planning and customer awareness.
design circuit boards using altium and work with manufacturers to build and test boards. signal processing development on intel fpgas using modelsim, quartus, and vhdl. testing and instrumentation automation for sdr characterization and acceptance testing.
wrote and maintained technical documentation for railway signalling technology. gathered technical information and wrote proposals for project design specifications. translated safety documentation between english and japanese. wrote and debugged scripts to automate document design for inter team use and customers.
experimented with rtl sdr and hackrf software defined radios, configured a raspberry pi to use aircrack ng and wireshark to capture and crack a wpa2 wifi password
main roles include side scan sonar effort within the dolphinworks sonar research lab and the darpa manta ray program. performed pcb circuit simulation, high voltage dc fault detection techniques, and advanced electronics troubleshooting/repair. architected and built scale prototype sonar array testing asset designed to test full functionality during lab and open water tests. designed high speed fiber optic cabling harnesses to meet navsea requirements capable of +40gig data transmission rates
recognized as a subject matter expert with regards to troubleshooting and improving machine tools led the equipment engineer team of the new additive manufacturing factory, for 3d printed production airplane parts conducted reliability studies on problematic machine tools, and made recommendations for reliability improvements initiated research and authored memos and white papers including: “composite cure ovens over temperature study and corrections”
collaborated with global software team to develop code for automotive three phase inverters developed uart communication between two microcontrollers maintained testability software used by systems engineers to debug hardware and run tests maintained low level device driver code related to communications (uart, can, spi) on the main microcontroller designed an internal bw tool to send and receive can messages and interact with the micro from a pc
i worked as an intern for keysight for two consecutive years, not just during the summer. during this time i supported pre sales activities for both the high performance signal generators and high performance signal analyzers. my current role is a direct result of my activities done during this extended internship.
one) managed a ten people team consists of project engineers, assistant project managers, superintendents, safety managers on procurement management, productivity tracking, cost control and safety compliance two) coordinated fifty+ subcontractors, material suppliers, service providers, ten+ design and engineering firms, and delivered three year long, $650m headquarter relocation project (confidential client) from california to texas two months ahead of schedule and under budget
responsible for the improvement and maintenance of the level one control systems for the pickle line, continuous galvanizing line, and the reversing/temper mill. also includes working on large capital projects.
i created and revised technical documents, drawings, and an operation manual. i assembled a variety of cables using soldering and other techniques; created drawings in autocad used in the production of certain cables. i verified the compliance to material standards for numerous parts.
part of the team responsible to update the performance’s data and software of the company, including: analysis of the data generated in the systems to optimize the aircraft’s performance; developer of vba’s systems to automate processes in the operation; use of cost index concepts to create a model to save fuel during the flight; one of the responsible for the implementation of a new and modern efb in the company’s fleet; use of r programming language for data analysis.
i perform the analysis, design, and testing of digital electronic systems for space flight and high reliability environments. responsibilities include, part selection, worst case analysis signal integrity analysis, power integrity analysis, requirement creation, computer modeling.
one.design, collect data, analyze and compile reports on moderately difficult process engineering experiments, within safety guidelines two.perform hardware characterization on moderately difficult systems, within safety guidelines three.troubleshoot moderately complex problems, perform root cause analysis and resolve moderately difficult process engineering issues four.measure film properties, organize data/reports for review and interpret data five.generate internal documentation for products, presentations
studied the effects of geometric uncertainties due to manufacturing imperfections on turbine blades modeled geometric boundary of the blades to analyze the lift and drag force using xfoil computational software evaluated the pareto efficiency for the given optimization problem through construction of a basic neural network
created validation test requirements that incorporated customer usage data and met our durability and reliability requirements.
guidance, navigation, and control engineer for lockheed martin space systems. worked on various applications including hypersonics, missile intercept, and satellite programs.
worked in small teams of electrical and mechanical engineers to develop base designs for aircraft interiors, completing projects for cabinets and lavatories. investigated and managed designs from creation until release, incorporating feedback from review engineers. developed working knowledge of electrical drawing software without previous experience.
developed software using the c programming language experience with tfs experience with agile utilized a cyclone emulator for debugging and flash programming
i am currently part of firmware engineering team that is working on development of one hundred and sixty-two layered 3d nand based usb flash drive.
one)worked on the placement, power distribution, routing and timing closure and succesfully taped out five snapdragon chips in the technology nodes ranging from 11nm 5nm. two)worked on fixing the duty cycle distortion in an 8lpp soc by analyzing the clock propagation. three)proposed an approach through multi scenario analysis for leakage recovery and optimization leading to an improvement of forty-three% and twenty-two% respectively compared to the earlier methods.
design electrical systems on navy aircrafts.
> design hardware for a2pats rf scoring tool (electromagnetic environment warfare simulator). > used software to output rf and analyzed output waveforms with a spectrum analyzer. > designed schematics of the overall electrical hardware system and connectivity between devices. > designed and rebuilt pc, found compatible os (linux) & installed drivers, which were system compatible. > connected devices in the system with ip port connections. > analyzed digital packets using wireshark.
research assistant, lahore university of management sciences rice lab, department of computer science (sep two thousand and fourteen to april two thousand and sixteen full time ra),(april2015 to dec two thousand and sixteen volunteer part time ra) department of mathematics (internship) (may two thousand and fourteen to jun two thousand and fourteen) cyphynets lab, department of electrical engineering(part time ra) (sep two thousand and eleven to dec two thousand and thirteen) cyphynets lab, department of electrical engineering (internship) (aug two thousand and ten to dec two thousand and eleven)
supervised zte and ericsson lte/epc network trial projects for mtn nigeria conducted technical market analysis and projections of high end operators and vendors in nigeria developed technical proposals on gsm/umts/cdma/wimax/fdd&tdd lte core network projects for zte corporation. organized and provided resource persons for technical workshops and seminars for employees in the technical department.
designing three phase, above nema induction motors for a variety of applications like oil and gas, aerospace test stands, pumps, and compressors. i also evaluate motors' test results before shipping, making sure they meet industry standards and customers' requirements.
conducting a technical consultancy service for saudi electricity company (sec): establishing mid/long term strategic plans for implementing ami (advanced metering infrastructure) supervision and technical evaluation of ami project design of 'ami testing, operation and training center'
assist in research on aircraft control system
manage construction and installation for electrical scopes of work for the facebook eag3f data center $385mm perform safety and field quality inspections to ensure conformance to contract drawings, specifications, and schedule lead preparatory and coordination meetings, review submittals, and write rfi's to ensure the completion of the project meets customer expectations
provided technical support to engineers and researchers using comsol multiphysics for electromagnetics and multiphysics modeling produced proof of concepts for presenting in pre sales meetings led training sessions and instructional workshops for large audiences and gained skills tackling challenging engineering questions on the spot produced informational blog posts and webinars on em topics which were published online
i completed my summer internship at aselsan a.s. my main tasks included: research on spi, i2c and ethernet communication protocols designing a circuit consisting of msp430 microcontrollers and different sensors designing the corresponding pcb with altium designer programming in embedded c to make the circuit functional
i work on verification and validation projects using hardware in the loop (hwil) simulations of the army's ground based radar systems. my tasking includes completing runs on the hwil strings, analyzing data found in the logs post run, and presenting that information to the customer. i provide independent analysis to the customer and work with the prime contractors to correct any errors or bugs that are found with tactical software.
o developed a wide area distributed sensor network for rfid wildlife tracking o implemented internet of things low power long range communication techniques o work across departments with biological sciences and computer science o principal investigator: dr. muhammad khan o publication in press (ieee green technologies conference two thousand and twenty)
developed shape measurement and vibration measurement technologies. designed and wrote programs to operate and test apparatuses using structured light and high speed cameras. researched and evaluated novel sensor technology. performed consultation and professional measurements for a variety of customers. acted as an interpreter, mediary, and organizer in english , japanese , and chinese speaking environments.
developing and implementing ai models, as well as operational software and firmware for electric vehicle chargers and grid battery storage solutions.
member of the compute compiler (cuda and opencl) group. worked on the intermediate language representation layer of the compiler and analyzed host (i.e. cpu) compilers for enablement in the cuda toolkit releases.
extensive battery validation and research for extra source vendors and effects on battery during use and manufacturing. data analysis for various efforts using sas jmp fifteen. qualitative & functionality testing. field product investigation and diagnoses of failure. reflash and debugging. esd testing at manufacturing lines.
designed and optimized pcb layout for validation and test hardware, and characterized gan semiconductors using software and tools.
revisited solutions from previous internship session. transitions python source code to c# and made quality of life changes to ensure code base was more robust. made data connections more robust. setup automation to run daily for accurate resource and materiel data to be accessible to project managers all the time.
co supervised sixteen resident assistants within a building of eight hundred residents through the coordination of one on one meetings, staff meetings, and staff feedback responded to crisis situations and provided guidance to the staff as needed served as a role model and mentor for residents and staff in both personal and professional mindset
one. learned the displacement and rotational speed of permanent magnet speed adjustment, and temperature measurement and feedback control system two. compiled plc program and participated in the dcs configuration work three. dealt with information collection, document editing and table making
designed electrical drawings for projects such as, one line power diagrams, conduit cable layouts, conduit cable schedules, panel layouts, plc terminal block layouts, and hazardous area classification drawings produced issued for construction drawing sets for several projects, including solar powered equipment and emergency flow restriction devices concerted with civil designers to complete full scope drawing packages administered design reviews with business partners
development of software and testing for vehicle control unit for electric and gasoline vehicle power train.
in my current role, i'm a key part in designing and optimizing utility distribution systems. my responsibilities involve developing layouts, improving distribution efficiency, and collaborating with different departments to ensure successful projects.
researched methods to prevent ip (intellectual property) theft from outsourcing ic chips, using lightweight side channel and physical attack countermeasures
technical lead in the unified communications group for escalations in cisco voip edge products.
utilized software engineering skills to develop automated documents that quickened daily tasks for the quality, manufacturing, and r&d engineering teams. supported the movement of infrastructure and equipment from lakeland, fl to tijuana, mx. engineered assembly line devices and procedures to enhance operator performance and decrease cost.
collaborated with other engineers and technicians to construct an inspection procedure for measuring the length of a dilator. performed test procedures to verify and validate incoming parts. performed test procedures to conduct new medical devices tests using optiv, keyence, and instron instruments. revised test procedures to incorporate changes to process validation for medical devices. updated first article test documents and acceptance test documents for new medical devices developmen
electrical design engineer at nuclear power station
designed and created drawing for edm electrode inspection fixture with six+ components using siemens nx and gd&t, which was approved for production automated production tracker data entry using excel vba initiated pfmea (process failure mode element analysis) for new grinder in jet engine production process
created and implemented test procedures that covered pcb, product, and system scopes of vislink’s viewback receiver decoder characterized noise floor, snr, dynamic range, and signal integrity among other critical specifications.
provide personalized customer solutions while adhering to the apple s.o.s. troubleshoot and diagnose ios devices, apple tv, apple watch and their accompanying software when necessary. point of contact and resource for peers with troubleshooting needs. handle user information with accuracy in all store supported systems. combines strong communication and technical skills to best analyze and solve problems.
electronics testing and troubleshooting within cuas systems as well as design and integration of new subsystems. in addition, signal collection and analysis for further development of current systems.
managed us military access and confidential documents as a guardhouse specialist. navigated radiofrequency of multi channel communication signal and manipulated signal transmission equipment of rok u.s. combined forces for data communications in second operational command. developed leadership skills by leading a squad of ten soldiers to help them adjust to install antennas attached at transportable vehicle and cooperate with us army to build optimized signal communication for combined dril
one) constructed regression model and predicted potential energy savings and payback period for healthcare facilities, a study sponsored by american society of health engineering (ashe) with findings recommended to health facility management industry two) conducted paired t test on energy consumption data before and after retrocommissioning service for twenty hospitals, and rejected null hypothesis based on ninety-five% confidence interval
assisted with services of road going and racing porsches, rebuilds of engines and gearboxes as well as track preparation of tarmac and gravel racing cars.
class serves as an introduction to embedded systems for prospective high school students. teach students programming and system design of automated devices using microcontrollers assist and guide students on solving problems using unique robot design and embedded system theory
space systems power electronics
re designed process flow that released three thousand, five hundred sq. ft of real estate space for material flow & storage evaluated decommissioned line inventory and executed a re utilization plan to minimize need for new equipment performed machine reconfiguration to accommodate product design changes per engineering release generated and validated heavy duty machining flex line layout for gantry crane installation created a bill of materials and worked on new supplier integration for the electrification b
developed software for contract manufacturing customers, including kimberly clark, etc.
implemented test enhancements using python two.seven scripting for the navigation subsystem on the kc one hundred and thirty-five flight2 system which will increase the testing quality and efficiency, freeing up resources for the usaf to add additional features which will increase safety and reduce pilot workload on the four hundred and nineteen kc one hundred and thirty-five aircraft in the usaf.
performed quality tests of pcbas and final assemblies, while complying with assigned processes and procedures. troubleshoot failed products down to the component level in order to select and perform repairs for quality standards. aided in the design validation process for new test fixtures and procedures. coordinated with test engineers and technicians to ensure functionality of test equipment while maintaining optimal productivity.
helped customers identify and resolve issues regarding their electric service collaborated with a group of interns to identify feasible technologies for grid modernization
as a network engineer, i directly manage telecommunications services which involves monitoring and analyzing voice and text traffic. i also assist with the design of the network systems to create the most efficient and durable systems. in addition to my role, i am a software developer that focuses on designing, building, testing, and deploying services and apis that are integral to the operations toolkit and evaluating automation frameworks for effectiveness network deployment acceleration.
checked in and took inventory of all items in the warehouse to ensure nothing was missing or damaged organized orders by customer and project to ensure the installation process could occur as soon as possible built disassembled furniture items by following the manufacturer's instructions and constructing on non damaging surface
worked with a team of four engineers to ideate, design, compile, and attempt to pursue a startup mobile application to aid in student life on campus with scheduling and parking information. gathered feedback from forty potential customers to add special features catered to our target audience.
advanced metering and controls engineer, primarily dealing with upgrading metering equipment and incorporating them into the controls system. please see resume for more detail.
avionics hardware design engineer ii for blue origins blue ring program. responsible engineer for multiple flight grade hardware schematic/pcb designs including harnessing and procurement.
i was a graduate student (direct phd student) at purdue university. i was working as a research assistant. i was a teaching assistant for n signals and systems (ece three hundred and one) and digital signal processing (ece five hundred and thirty-eight) courses.
tackled proof of concept electrical, computer, and software engineering challenges. led research to solve future remote sensing problems. conducted testing and incorporated novel electronic components into innovative machine features. integrated advanced remote sensing features on three machine platforms by designing pcb’s, microprocessor sdk’s, and electrical systems. gained experience presenting to engineering directors, significant conferences, and peers in technology development.
all year part time mechanical hardware student employee. laser toner cartridge development team. lab testing of hardware and programming of test robots and analysis tools.
provide technical assistance and support to production with problem resolution; management of continuous improvement projects; process design; tool design and procurement; installation and movement of capital equipment; new product management and launch; assist in training and lean principles implementation. continuously evaluate production equipment and manufacturing processes for improvements in processes and methods for cost reduction, quality improvement and overall efficiency.
testing and waveform development for military focused radios.
electrical test engineer, operate as point of contact for electrical engineering needs regarding test facilities within the space environments test branch
aircrew for military operations, nasa hytes and jet propulsion laboratory missions. execution of tactical missions such as air to air refueling, assault support missions, rapid ground refueling, low level flight, transporting hazardous cargo, aerial delivery, and battlefield illumination. aviation maintenance chief qualified. ensured compliance with international radioactive, explosive, and hazardous materials transport. pre flight, post flight, turnaround inspection, maintenance away from home
design, support, and integrate test equipment used in verifying functionality of products such as transponders, interrogators, and mission computers. construct schematics, bill of materials, audit test procedures
worked as a part of the engineering information security team on data processing, networking, and security applications. implemented a powershell service to automatically analyze removable storage devices. implemented and improved a python script to submit files from the removable drive to security applications for analysis. implemented a python script to parse tls client hello messages from data packets and analyze the packet.
maintained strong customer relationships, having an average customer satisfaction survey score of nine.seven/ten. drove customer satisfaction throughout the lifecycle of control systems and devices, from installation to end of support, through remote and on site service delivery such as technical support, installation, preventative maintenance, corrective service, and other related services. provided service and maintenance on electronic and electromechanical components.
managed twelve sixteen student workers daily for a total of seventy ninety total student workers created schedules, allocated tasks to employees, and enforced health code standards and protocol trained new student workers on how to maintain safety and cleanliness in the work environment
technical lead for a group of six windows support engineers managing project for reduction of average call time across consumer support sites worldwide leveraging azure devops to submit and track emerging issues requiring escalation to windows engineering engineering product simulators utilizing html/css/javascript/c# to improve troubleshooting simplicity for agents worldwide (see example at https://aka.ms/winre)
perform diagnostics and provide repair direction on difficult field cases at the highest level of technical escalation. troubleshoot can networks, power electronics, tuning calibration issues on field units and provide recommendations for product improvements. ensure all service documentation is up to date, aiming to minimize repair velocity while ensuring safety.
coordinated projects with budgets in excess of $ten,zero, including one project worth $four hundred,zero worked with teams of twenty+ contractors to complete projects within deadlines wrote and implemented over thirty lockout tagout procedures and standard work instructions developed a maintenance dashboard using modeling software to visualize overall equipment excellence and maintenance downtime
accenture labs – cybersecurity lab researched ai security and machine learning model robustness (cleverhans, art @ibm) developed poison defense analytics (pda) model agnostic, application free, data poisoning attack and mitigate framework using activation clustering methods in python. applied on “satellite imagery building detection” ninety-nine% backdoor detection and “impersonation in facial recognition” [github] researched and developed adversarial patch (physical) attack on object detection mod
emulation model and testbench development for complex soc designs intended for pre silicon validation. more recently moved into development of high speed modules for sw/hw communication
designed soft, wireless, rechargeable pulse oximeters using four layer fpcbs, and implemented revisions to address poor design aspects based on failure analysis communicated with international cms to manufacture high yield designs for a turnkey solution verified production boards based on yield, functionality, performance, and mechanical robustness to proceed with high volume orders validated transmissive pulse oximeter design in a hypoxia study for iso eighty thousand, six hundred and one two sixty-one compliance
medical device design and development focused position at a mid stage startup focused on ultrasound guided orthopedic surgery. i expect to apply the knowledge gained in my msece to further the innovation i enjoy in this position.
worked on both automation & manual testing in the mcc testing (mobile content cloud) team.good knowledge on pcrf, ocs and gtpp interfaces grasp on diameter & radius protocols.
provide nuclear strike advice and operational expertise aboard naoc, the survivable, airborne, nuclear command, control, and communications center which serves as a key component of the national military command system for the president of the united states, the secretary of defense, and the joint chiefs of staff by directing u.s. forces, executing emergency war orders, and coordinating actions by civil authorities.
financial and technical analysis for new renewable power plants into the national system
course demonstrator for first, second and fourth year mechanical design courses. contributed to students' education by supplementing lecture material, explaining important course concepts, developing design skills and techniques as well as marking and providing feedback to students on performance in class assignments. developed new teaching strategy to introduce first year students to vital mechanical hardware skills and concepts
digital signal processor framework developer
packaged ingestible medications for distribution demonstrated ability to work as part of a professional team performed duties in compliance with fda regulations developed mass packaging process for drug manufacturing to reduce rejection rate and improve efficiency of production
develop protection scheme solutions and provide technical support to customers for all sel protection products. teach power system protection courses to utility and oil refinery engineers. courses include generator, motor, transmission line, and power transformer protection. present at regional seminars on new product developments.
planned upcoming software releases, resolve open issues, and coordinate v&v testing for instrument clusters created test cases from system requirements and held peer reviews with v&v team automated test cases in vehicle spy according to necessary can messages and timings
assisted professor hanz richter in the study of hybrid electric jet engine systems. work included configuration and wiring of physical hardware (motors, supercapacitors, current sensors, power supplies, etc), as well as creation and use of simulink models for real time control and analysis.
work with the seller fulfillment services team at amazon. work on dynamic optimization of carrier network. designing and building systems to predict transit times for amazon shipments globally. my position involves leading projects, designing business solutions and technical development.
worked in electromigration and ir drop (emir) group to provide emir tech files in process design kits (pdks). develop automation to generate emir totem gdsii mapping tech files. this automation flow helped developers to create gdsii tech files for all gf supported pdks. tested the flow for resistor test cases in 22fdx and via test cases in 12lp+ platforms and deployed.
developed fpga rtl code for dsp applications researched space radiation effects and mitigation techniques for fpgas implemented and studied high speed communication protocols
created and updated autocad drawings and schematics for residential and commercial power service and street lights worked with designers to verify specifications and designs
worked in the (application service provider) asp team to develop an automated spam verification system for intercarrier text messaging. developed script using apis to automate process of verifying intercarrier spam and phishing attempts utilizing web scraping software.
submit multiple grants throughout the year to federal, state, and private agencies contributing to multiple sections including business plans (competitive landscapes), research strategies, and budgets. maintain and submit quarterly updates and timesheets for funded grants. assist in the development of assays for immune monitoring of treated patients. created slide decks and figures for board meeting, client presentation and clinical protocols.
responsible for implementing new code to existing subsystems. conduct maintenance for subsystems when necessary. work primarily fits within the embedded systems field.
conduct campus tours and coordinate campus open house/events. created and managed schedules of ten+ admissions reps. and delt with any tardiness issues.
drove customer returns to completion and summarized findings in an 8d report, de escalated customer complaints, new product development
taught microprocessors lab sections and proctored exams. managed multiple lab sections of ten students each. taught assembly code and hardware to software integration.
working for enhanced ground testing (egt), producing detailed test plans, test procedures, engineering test reports and equipment design. planning, organizing, and executing test activities for multiple test environments including rocket sled, centrifuge, low g flights, vibration tables, thermal chambers, and rate tables. implementing the agile methodology as scrum master for the team using jira and confluence regularly for organization and scheduling. interfacing with the customer and hostin
interviewed, hired, and trained digital draftsmen designed custom wood decks, pergolas, and paver patios (generally $fifty,zero projects) met with customers and salespeople to review designs and answer technical questions worked with team to develop lidar (light detection and ranging) scanner
i am in gm's rotation program. i am currently working as a virtual hardware in the loop development engineer.
assisted lab members with nanofabrication processing of microring resonators, aided in assembling bulk optic setups, fabricated various optic components using the university machine shop, along with various other tasks (ordered materials, soldered circuits, etc.).
developed mathematical methods for estimating finger print sensor performance, driving ongoing sensor development. designed experiments on sensor hardware to validate my estimation methods and simulation results. utilized comsol for electrostatic modeling and simulation of novel fingerprint sensor designs. utilized python and matlab for data analysis of fingerprint signals from simulation and hardware, providing valuable insight on the behavior of the new sensor design.
i worked as part time software engineer at tai. my main tasks included: programming in java and groovy to implement a localization module for aircrafts used to help göktürk two satellite project conducted by turkish defense industry research on gnss systems and different localization algorithms.
my job is to support operations in the battery assembly area as a process engineer. i create processes for all new defense batteries and modify existing ones. i regularly build and disassemble lithium ion batteries and work with electrical and mechanical engineers to trouble shoot problems. this job has shown me a new side to electrical engineering in industry. learning to understand circuit boards and how they are designed to interact with each other is fascinating to me.
implemented cuda optimization techniques for efficient motion estimation on the nvidia tesla gpu cluster. moreover, developed a deep learning architecture for depth prediction using data from a monocular camera and principle of transferred learning. further, extrapolated this into devising an obstacle avoidance and path planning algorithm on quad copters.
i publicized its app in the college town and bridged between business and clients (b2c). also, i did market surveys, planned the promotion and engineered the public relations campaign.
acting as communication channel for all low voltage modules and systems within chevy bolt ev/euv launch and sonic my20 support continuous improvement activities such as control module electrical first time quality with twenty-two% improvement implemented prts (problem resolution tracking system) for sys tem modules to improve production direct run rate.
class ii medical device manufacturer, focusing on spinal and orthopedic fixation products. headed process/equipment validations, cost reduction initiatives, strategic planning, proposal work, root cause/corrective action..etc.
i work as electrical engineer for power system planning and studies department in the company. my manager is onur kahveci. i perform engineering studies for generation, transmission and distribution level for different developers and utilities under different isos and rtos. i contribute and lead the r&d efforts within the company. i have been working full time with company before my degree was awarded to me, because of several reasons i have explained in my sop.
student intern working with substation protection and controls for wind farms.
designed rtl for spi and sci of dsp and dac system using vhdl and verilog under mr. manish sharma’s supervision
testing and designing circuit boards for use in control systems, rf systems, and high voltage power supplies.
assisted undergraduate students with math homework for classes: college algebra, calculus one three, differential equations, statistics, and pre calculus.
conducted over five hundred and forty hours of research on respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) protein structure and functions instructed new members on lab protocols and research created detailed lab reports and journals reconfigured e. coli cells for harvesting scanned protein crystals using cryo electron microscopy
worked in the hot mill until december two thousand and seventeen and then in the cold mill until may two thousand and nineteen. was responsible for improving and maintaining the level one control systems including plc, hmi, drive, and hydraulic controls. this included process improvements which involved heavy collaboration with production and maintenance teammates. this also included several large capital projects.
lead seven ten members of team for design execution, deliver manufacturing drawings and build support of control panels & power distribution boxes for marine applications. conduct meetings with client for project requirement and design reviews to show our design concepts. create internal team meetings to improve quality and to deliver projects on time. project tracking and document as per company qms policy. participating to prepare design verification, delivery, and quality checklists.
i currently test and troubleshoot airborne radar antennas. i have also configured equipment required for high power near field test station upgrades and developed two test automation user interfaces as well as a data analysis tool (all in matlab).
created a fixture and developed accompanying software to automate tester hardware troubleshooting. helped perform product validation to meet product engineering deadlines.
summer internship. project include: one. power supply lifetime estimation by analyzing temperature behavior of electrolytic capacitors two. composed subassembly test procedure for sl five hundred iot gateway three. performed series of tests for rma units including cell test and mbist
i performed research related to lithium ion battery remaining useful life estimation in the newly formed system reliability and safety laboratory under professor dr. chao hu.
under the guidance of prof. subrat kar, i did research on laser communication systems. this ad hoc optical link eliminates the need of hefty architecture that hinders communication in remote and difficult terrain. owing to its enormous bandwidth and high directionality, it can be used in military applications.
owns real time program and simulation work on commercial aircraft engine hil test bench.
worked on implementing telestration for slingstudio. applied for a us patent based on the work.
rf subsystems design and test microwave phased arrays for electronic warfare, communications, and radar
designing simulink based models, implementing designs in hdl coder, creating modules/test benches in vhdl to test model design.
designed several web applications to be used for the air force and the army. accomplished using angular, react, and python. the last project i was on was machine learning, where i was creating and designing models.
participant of the pathways program, which is an early careers rotational program.
intern for company that develops smart controlled exhaust fans for laboratory and industrial use. personally analyzed data collected from prototype fans to determine their fan efficiency grades (feg's). helped design human machine interface for smart controlled exhaust fan. assembled and programmed controllers before sending to customers.
internship in avionics test engineering for the command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance flight at edwards air force base california. position involves planning, provisioning,execution, and reporting on developmental test of aircraft communication systems.
implement mathematical models leveraging data analytics to assess/ characterize missile functionality and performance conduct mc (monte carlo) simulations and performed operations research analysis for government customers became the designated six dof analyst to assess missile trade offs and performance analysis running and testing high fidelity simulations utilize azure devops software to leverage an agile & scrum approach to capture business requirements and maintain efficiency/effectiven
designed embedded systems for different customer use application. responsibilities involves drafting specifications document, board level schematics, pcb layout, component cost analysis and accompanying firmware.
i worked in electrical engineering service.
systems integration, currently discussing alternative options for more work a more diverse work experience.
abide by can, j1939, and sae standards to establish and maintain networks between modules in legacy vehicles. review supplier product specifications and internal documentation to tabulate j1939 signals, messages, and their related parameters for implementation. utilize tools and software such as candb++ to create and modify .dbc files to be used to program signals and messages.
as a student trainee, i was assigned the role of understanding solid state drive architecture and generate parameterized cortex and coresight soc rtl which generates dual,quad,hexa and octa core processor and test the rtl on fpga
working as a software engineer in the observability team. designed and implemented a new log ingestion pipeline for sending logs from aws kinesis firehose to splunk. logs originate from aws cloudwatch. implemented system for processing logs that fail to be delivered to splunk. this new ingestion process has been used by ten clients. set up appdynamics for application performance monitoring. setup infrastructure on aws including ec2 instances, aurora database, load balancers.
our team developed savi; a semi automated computer vision inspector application built for johnson & johnson orthopaedic surgical kits. to automate the image labelling process, i implemented pysot, a single object tracking algorithm, saving two hundred and fifty-five hours in human effort. to improve model accuracy, i developed a synthetic dataset pipeline, increasing accuracy by five ten% per tray part in each surgical kit.
i am part time electrical engineer at aselsan a.s. my main tasks include: doing research and analyzing different communication protocols designing circuits with msp430 microcontrollers for the communication and signal processing purposes designing corresponding pcbs with altium designer optimizing, testing and repairing the electrical circuits. programming in vhdl and embedded c
managed tutoring program for students and tutors for the college of engineering, architecture, and technology. tutored students in physics, calculus and engineering sciences
brought up an automated display pipeline architecture validation system for current and future apple hardware. designed tests encompassing rendering quality, color accuracy, brightness, and validation of mipi dsi data output. wrote python scripts to automate mipi protocol analyzer and oscilloscope, interact with apple hardware, simulate hardware image processing algorithms, and evaluate test results.
oversaw and carried out gene mapping experiments to locate a genetic mutation collaborated with international team aiming to improve yields and reduce water, pesticide, and land use
explored potential solutions around arm processors in workstations by designing a breakout board for nvidia’s jetson module. customized interfaces such as support for a 5g cellular module and increased number of pcie and m.two slots, which enabled hp to investigate future solutions in edge computing. utilized cadence orcad and allegro to learn schematic creation, layout best practices, high speed routing, and component selection.
developed the company’s first front end website for sharing company’s profile, past projects, and teams; maintained the interactive web applications led a team of five content writers to produce over eighty posts and articles focusing on global innovations. successfully amplified brand awareness and positioned the startup
configured and maintained a kubernetes cluster to facilitate operations supporting the uc davis and libretext project
work references available upon request.
i worked in the guidance, navigation, and control (gnc) center. i was on the gnc team supporting the rolling airframe missile program, and later was gnc lead on an unmanned aerial vehicle demonstration program. i created new guidance algorithms for software upgrades, and tested them in our c++ six dof and hardware in the loop simulations. i also modified the simulation & flight code to conduct various analyses for proposals and production efforts, as well as test events.
focus on data analytics & ml projects; expertise in building mathematical models for business problems; working knowledge with chatbot framewok. provided analytical solutions for energy, finance and automobile domains.
responsible for after sales service studied several practical electrical engineering related software applied programming knowledge to actual daily work
automated freight truck detection from video media using opencv for civil engineering department
electrical maintenance of different systems of generation units of paute molino and paute mazar hydroelectric power plants.
assisted the r&d team in the development of a custom microprocessor based computer that designed for real time simulations of neuron model networks used in ucsd research project. assembled a pc board for the custom computer, uploaded and tested firmware codes and hardware. assisted in pcb testing, debugging and verification of simulation results, recorded and summarized data for specification, technical report, and a research paper. used microsoft word, excel, and ppt.
i developed the scripts and infra for cli automation that was executed for the legion of aruba os releases to catch any regression issues or missing clis across different platforms.
i worked closely with management to build out a schedule for four different programs which laid out the time to design, kit, assemble, test, and deliver products and meet program needs on time. i also worked to design microstrip filters in microwave office and hfss. i was able to build and test one of two designs before my internship was complete.
manual testing of proprietary technology for patient services writing manual test plans on testrail and reporting through jira ci/cd workflow and alternating waterfall/agile methodologies
learned the method for power calculation of plc racks and the design of wiring diagrams designed diagnostic screens for a project, to be implemented at a factory which included creating tags, creating the logic for testing hardware and designing the graphic screens where the tags would be linked learned how to use ladder logic and designed a time controlled temperature rise for a mixer
was part of the roadz engineering team and developed their first full stack application for customers.
ensured the safety of all patrons by supervising activities, enforcing pool rules, and responding promptly to emergencies with first aid and cpr. provided exceptional customer service, resolved conflicts, and maintained facility cleanliness and equipment functionality.
working with a team of students and graduates all around the world to document technology based related videos used by the senior digital marketing analysts of the company.
i lead our global product marketing for microsoft fabric’s data engineering, lakehouse, data science and platform capabilities (admin, governance, billing). i am directly responsible for the product and gtm strategy for these technologies. this entails building product strategy, thought leadership, business models and sales enablement assets. additionally, i’m part of a cross functional team across microsoft that looks after our azure databricks gtm strategy.
worked as ios developer on slingstudio platform from july two thousand and eighteen march two thousand and nineteen. currently working in the big data team on anomaly detection and root cause analysis using machine learning for the slingtv ott platform.
driving the development of ets three hundred and sixty-four ate (automated test equipment) methodologies to capture design and process vulnerabilities while maintaining a low test cost. responsible for smooth and on time execution of the project by leading a cross functional team of nine individuals across design, design verification, characterization and product engineering domains.
resolve critical and complex technical issues relating to virtual machines and storage
digital services department (control & drive engineering) developed monitoring software using c# .net core for use in manufacturing process reporting implemented docker container of application for use on local server for twenty-four/seven data monitoring continental tire in mt. vernon, il is one of the largest continental tire plants with three,four hundred+ employees.
avera semi was developing analog designs to be fabricated in silicon. my major project was to design a synthesizable verilog rtl state machine that calibrates the internal voltages of a programmable memory that they created.
radar systems engineer working on unmanned aircraft radar systems.
maintain machinery and conduct maintenance tasks to keep operations running smoothly. prepare materials, set up machinery per product specifications, and troubleshoot any issues. worked in an iso seven cleanroom environment
responsibilities: develop and execute validation plans and test strategies for nvidia gpu products. develop test scripts and automation to support validation activities. identify, report, and debug any silicon defects found during validation. work with software, firmware, and hardware engineers to ensure successful prototyping and validation. ensure that the gpu products meet the desired performance and reliability standards.
designed/reviewed electrical schematics and equipment for customers performed various electrical calculations in the design phase of architectural engineering projects worked with converting autocad drawings into 3d revit designs
worked on falconsat six thermal analysis, where the primary objective was to replicate thermal data on orbiting satellite while in sunlight mode. used inventor nastran software to develop model. submitted a continuity binder with all documentation prior to departing from the united states air force academy.
design a social distancing sensor to help maintain social distancing during the coronavirus pandemic. designed and programmed wearable sensor for factory workers to maintain 6ft distancing at workplace developed an alarm system using infra red sensors and ultra sonic sensors for distance determination and human presence debugged sensors to filter out unreasonable sensor inputs developed a warning light system using arduino and c language to warn users with a flashing light when social di
i lead system validation development and test activities for steer by wire and electric power steering products.
i am an usaf officer. my specialty is developmental engineer electrical.
responsible for interacting with clients face to face in order to develop complex project specifications for internal office reporting. utilized sql skills to develop intricate and detailed queries to build customized reports. through my automated reports i was able to save the company twenty-five hours per week in manually processes.
worked with professor of engineering analysis three class (applied differential equations) to evaluate student homework and other class assignments provided feedback on homework performance and class material
conducted technical trade studies on commercial off the shelf satellite radios and ground stations presented technical information to current small satellite portfolio cubesat customers designed a concept of operations for future cubesat mission to ensure mission success
responsible for india, middle east, turkey & africa strategic development and implementation.
student at army chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear (cbrn) school. learned counter weapons of mass destruction tenants, and organizational leadership. served as class executive officer and was responsible for acting as class liaison between students and instructors. graduated top of my class.
i am a staff engineer, technology and connected. i work in our r&d group. currently i am focused on building out the infrastructure and teams to analyze data streamed from our production vehicles. i work on variety of technology projects focused in the electromechanical domain (by wire ready vehicles, smart accessories, brakes, steering, etc)
power/utility industry
deal with the engineering demands of the oil and gas companies. deal with suppliers and cooperate with them to meet customer needs. quote and offer our products for sale to iraqi government companies. handle all technical correspondence during the technical offer study. provide the required technical support and write the technical notes related to our products. ship and deliver the products according to incoterms two thousand and ten, and l/c instructions.
shadow and work on projects under the electrical engineer on staff.
engineering co op rotation at one of johnson & johnson's medical device companies. this rotation was in their clearwater (cost savings) department working on a redesign of one of their energy devices.
inspected the working of nand based ssd and logical and hardware level. analyzed the emulator for ssd and modified the same, modified and executed test cases for ssd.
i am responsible for architecting, implementing and validating test solutions for automotive, industrial, and general purpose socs. it involves all phases of design implementation, verification, and coordinating with physical design and product engineering team in the development of soc solutions. i also analyze 3rd party intellectual properties, conduct experimental tests, and evaluates results to make an informed decision.
assembled, repaired, and calibrated precision motion controlled devices used in the medical field. test faulty equipment and apply knowledge of functional operation of electronic units to diagnose cause of malfunction. troubleshoot and repaired all electronic and mechanical parts. assist coworkers and supervisors to identify and resolve problems.
my experience covers writing embedded c++ on a real time operating system as well as extensive testing for the team i work under.
developed requirements of selecting components in mentor graphics dxdesigner on pcb layouts for electrical constraints, performing electrical stress and derating analysis. provided support to products throughout lifecycle of pcb by developing root cause analysis of anomalies and other engineering support. participated in troubleshooting field return rf assemblies, resolving test failures, generating repair plans and supporting final tests/date review.
created dfmea for over the air update process created automation tools for update process developed qliksense application for managing updates
developing features for the nvidia gpu cloud platform for machine learning.
i publicized the school, enrolled students and edited the market article. also, i teach discrete mathematics and english and mentor q&a sessions and homework as a lecturer
revolutionized project workflows by developing and integrating 3d and virtual visualization technologies for infrastructure facilities, leading to a minimum ten% budget reduction in over five projects. spearheaded the implementation of these visualization techniques within the group created a york region and a toronto hydraulic computational model by managing a junior/co op analyst team. managed resources, workflow, progress, and quality of report development and ensured quality deliverables
worked on the sram design group for the powerpc architecture.
electrical engineer providing test/troubleshoot support for electrical hardware products on various programs. design and obsolescence reviews, test station development, and various work on internal research and development programs in the seapower and underwater systems department.
learning different protocols like qspi,spi,i2c,emmc etc. integrate various ip's of subsystem and generate rtl and do sanity checks to check rtl robustness. handle power architecture for virtual reality soc to meet stringent power requirements. meet timing requirements of the subsystem
participated in the following efforts for pba design: pba re design pba design schematic capture and entry constraint manager layout physical enclosure pba software (pic microcontroller)
physical design engineer: worked on rdl routing, static and dynamic analysis. learned foundry rules with regards to transistor spacing limitations, and the physical effects of routing choices with regards to power and timing. rtl validation engineer: worked on validating audio processor block learned audio transfer protocols (i2s, pcm) and internal bus transfer protocols (axi, ahb). worked on validating bootrom validated boot sequence with multiple interfaces (usb, ufs, sd card).
oversee quality tasks and projects for a wire and cable manufacturing plant. automation of quality reports and managing supplier and customer complaints and defects.
worked in a research lab with professors at michigan tech helping to create and teach a lab on circuit board manufacturing.
graded homework sets for two classes of physics i students and reported all homework grades
conducting electronic warfare testing in four anechoic chambers
hired on the hvac electrical safety team as an engineer to perform total quality assurance, testing, inspection and certification services on equipment to the leading industry standards. responsibilities include: certification reports construction evaluations ul and iec standards testing (testing plans, data reports)
implemented the cmsis rtos2 api on top of posix to enable unit testing and virtualization of various products.
work consist of research for new and improved missile capabilities.
responsible for supervision of three maintenance teams. operation of maintenance management software. managed the maintenance of six organizations across hawaii, american samoa, and guam.
in my capacity as a digital ip design engineer, i worked on designing systemverilog based uvm verification architectures for emerging high speed serial interfaces standardized by mipi alliance (mobile industry processor interface) to enable data transfer between camera/display modules and host processors.
manage a team size of around twenty people, set goals and expectations for team members, and help them to grow up and achieve their goals. manage sre team and run sre best practices for the team. manage ops architecture team to drive technology transformation in the company.
using labview to program and debug manufacturing and test bench systems, including sending commands over various protocols (rs two hundred and thirty-two, lin, can, plc) to actuate modules and surrounding equipment, including nvh/noise testing and oem specified diagnostic routines. was solely responsible for creating scalable can library and integrating into code base.
analysed various electronic warfare threats to provide mission planning inputs and testing on classified radar warning receiver systems
comanaged in over $eight hundred and fifty,zero of capital projects contributed to preventative maintenance for plant efficiency assisted colleagues to create designs, perform installations and accomplish projects edited and designed cad drawings for electrical component installation
assisted graduate researchers and a professor with research for testing igbt modules for hybrid vehicles.
from march two thousand and thirteen to march two thousand and fifteen, i was in a training capacity (basic training, a school, power school, prototype). once complete with training, i moved over to instructor and operator duty aboard the mts six hundred and twenty-six until february of two thousand and seventeen when i was selected for the sta twenty-one program to pursue a commissioning as a submarine officer.
collaborated with staff to design and manufacture molds for plastic or aluminum parts. altered and modified design to meet requirements and to eliminate malfunctions. designed systems and components to meet clients’ needs and requirements. evaluate final product’s overall performance, reliability, and safety. prepared product reports and documentation based upon customer requirements.
assisted instructor in course delivery, including topics such as bash scripting and the linux/unix operating system assisted students with questions on weekly unix based labs
one. automated software and hardware testing for flat panel detectors that are used for x ray imaging. two. helped to reduce the amount of hardware needed for testing, operator errors in testing process and improve scalability across multiple detectors. three. automated testing to work through a jenkins pipeline which interacts with a large ecosystem of tools including git, gerrit, rtl simulation tools (questa), hardware tools such as vivado, and hardware testing scripts in python and tcl.
support production by conducting root cause analysis of nonconforming ccas instrumental to the secure modular mission computer product line. responsibilities also include assisting design team with prototype testing and qualification efforts.
involve the biggest steel plant in southeast asia. start from scratch to producing in vietnam. discussion, modify, and set electrical equipment proposal for five different lines.(ipc and plc control)
i worked personally with both undergraduate and graduate students to ensure thorough understanding, aided in developing course materials such as homework and exams, and provided timely and personalized feedback on assignments to help shape lectures and material.
designed changes to enhance machine functionality and continuously improved and upgraded equipment. troubleshot and solved errors and problems on production equipment and conferred with design staff concerning product design to ensure efficient production methods. planned workforce utilization, space requirements, workflow, and design layout of equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency. determined product specifications for the purchase of equipment, materials, tooling, etc
develop and execute test plans to evaluate the device's design, functionality, and performance. use a variety of testing methods and tools, including functional testing, environmental testing, and stress testing. analyze test results to identify and troubleshoot any problems.
pathways electronics engineer intern during summer break. cable manufacturing responsibilities include: two d drawings for cable and wire harness design, support supplier meetings, assist technicians with questions/issues, verify first run cable and cable harness designs, create prototype cables for customers, create assembly instructions for technicians, create production schedules
worked in a small group of engineers to support new device bring up to market standards. wrote documents pertaining to device usage and functionality. support and train internal engineers on how new devices work. create evaluation board schematics and help with layout design.
built a high performance algorithmic trading system in rust. developed specifications and architecture for the system as a whole. implemented a backtesting simulator and sandbox exchange, fix and wss network connections, and quantitative trading strategies. implemented communication between threads using atomic primitives, mutexes, and channels. improved code performance using benchmarks, profiling, and custom timing instrumentation.
technical oversight of the design, development, testing, and deployment of the cvms (core vehicle management system) on the ln two hundred and fifty-one ins/gps navigation system. worked in a fast paced agile team to define, build, test, and deliver core cvms features. assisted with the creation of scripts, models, and simulations to verify test cases and test procedures accurately reflect customer's technical requirements.
designing a new engine for the unit which involves microarchitecture definition, design specs, and timing closure, understanding the z architecture using vhdl for gzip compression. learned low power and high frequency design techniques for the chip working at 5ghz. interacted with design verification and physical design teams. improved the performance of sort functionality in the processor by eight% with the implementation of the prefetch algorithm.
i worked as an intern for three summers at a nasa contractor. during the first summer, i assisted with control system upgrades at one of the test complexes. over the next summer, i worked on their data acquisition software suite where i improved user management features and updated the database to keep track of which software was installed on which machines. during the third summer, i assisted in control system designs for an upcoming upgrade.
i worked as an undergraduate teaching assistant for ece four hundred and sixty-three (introduction to computer communication networks). i held multiple office hours each week and assisted in grading lab assignments.
design support across different areas of the laboratory’s national ignition facility (nif) through the use of cad tools such as autocad and creo schematics to implement changes and additions to electronics specification documentation. database management via excel spreadsheets, overseeing updates and additions to documentation of over one thousand, five hundred unique rack units used in more than thirty thousand locations within nine hundred racks throughout the laser facility
founded a tutoring business which grew from one student in two thousand and seventeen to four hundred students studying simultaneously with twenty-five+ tutors. managed all business related tasks such as marketing, and advertising. created a website named www.oqoo.kz for test preparation (similar to khan academy). taught maths, physics, programming, statistics. since december two thousand and twenty-two, i gave up my share and work as a tutor only.
i systemized the process of checking in and inspecting gauges used by the operators on the shop floor so there were no work stoppages. i also developed a tool to track quality escapes.
the mission of nswc pcd is to conduct research, development, test and evaluation, and in service support in mine warfare, naval special warfare, diving and life support, and amphibious and expeditionary maneuver warfare systems, as well as other missions in the littoral battlespace.
design, manufacturing, and commissioning of electrical systems for launch and recovery of spacex vehicles (f9, dragon, and starship). primarily controller based data and control systems for electromechanical and fluids systems.
developed a custom printed circuit board to simulate rf surge testing designed a custom printed circuit board to ease current load testing designed circuitry simulations of a diplexer’s upstream and downstream filter
provide site requirements for power distribution projects by developing work orders containing equipment and supplies needed based on electrical needs.
participated in ten week vanderbilt workforce development program. performed simulations of 45nm photocurrent test chip submodules for various radiation environments. performed data analysis on large simulation datasets. analyzed and presented data to vanderbilt radiation effects research group. attended two thousand and twenty nepp conference for learning, exposure, networking, and research in radiation effects.
i contribute as a design engineer to develop next generation single and multi core cyber hardened processors. my role is to develop and execute regression tests that verify the processor functionality and coordinate with senior microprocessor designers to identify the security features and core architecture components that need testing. i was selected to work on an assignment by the air force senior scientist for information assurance to complete cyber vulnerability assessments.
left due to hostility. i was responsible for the upkeep, standardization, and operation of chemistry equipment. at this laboratory on base, i was a civilian contractor during my part time army reserve service. in the lab, i analyzed used engine, hydraulic, and turbine oils for their chemical, physical, and elemental properties. we did this in order to save the army the trouble of changing out hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil when the oil is perfectly operational within the machine.
grade coding assignments, quizzes, and class work for technical courses.
i was tasked to singlehandedly develop an on screen laser pointer for instructional use in the classroom. because conventional laser pointers present poorly upon modern screens, i was asked to create an imu based microcontroller device and interface it with pc software. the goal was to allow the motion, orientation, and acceleration of a handheld device to be used to plot an on screen red colored dot to effectively simulate and replace a conventional laser pointer.
design and commission the hardware (enclosures) and software (plc program and hmi) for hydraulic systems.
support flight hardware and software onboard flight computers, avionics systems, and line replacement units for usaf and dod. support system engineering efforts through model based system engineering with modeling using cameo magicdraw with sysml and requirements developed in doors ng. develop automated artifact generation with cameo magicdraw by utilizing the velocity template language. design test artifacts, and support aircraft integration throughout the test and analysis cycle of the pro
design & analysis for avionics on multiple platforms commercial aviation and defense.
collaborated with team of engineers, managers, and consultants on fare gate project researched, implemented, and tested various sensors as replacement for current designs’ sensors worked with python, java, and raspberry pi to create a prototype sensor suite.
during this internship, the assignment was to analyze the implementation of a new energy matrix for csn (companhia siderurgica nacional). the idea was to analyze multiple option of how to implement a clean energy source into the portifolio. using financial indicators and kpis, a recommendation was made that evaluated: implementation cost, energy generated, transmission cost (grid use cost), payback time, financing options, and perspective of operational costs including increasing capacity yearly
designed and validated sensing systems for telemetry feedback in augmented reality headsets.
worked as part of a cross functional team to develop models and requirements to develop advanced technologies for fighter aircraft.
design, optimize, and maintain subroutines and function blocks in software and graphical user interfaces for critical hardware, process, and facility monitoring systems in order to safely achieve one hundred% mission success. perform process control changes in production environment with proper moc controls and ensure proper documentation is updated when changes occur.
performed troubleshooting support for dod acat iii enfire software and hardware program. general warehouse management. generated, verified, and validated iuid labels in support of enfire systems and tech refresh kits. experience with mil std one hundred and twenty-nine, mil std one hundred and thirty, mil std one thousand, four hundred and seventy-two, and dod manual five thousand, two hundred.one labeling. built, encrypted, and validated us army issued hard drives and media sets.
full time software engineer currently designing new products.
developed various wiring harnesses. supported testing for v2x communication. developed mobile application for remote vehicle operations. assisted the development of a custom user interface to display vehicle sensor data.
part time/as needed during college breaks
assist students in core engineering and advanced engineering classes such as: calculus i, ii, iii; discrete structures i, ii; intro to programming; data structures; object oriented programming, computer networks, operating systems; intro to database systems; circuits i, ii; electronic circuits i; electromagnetics; electric machines and transformers; control systems
develop models (in c) to calculate parasitic capacitances and resistances of mosfet and bjt device models based on user input parameters, such as dimensions, and physical device fabrication parameters. model interconnect capacitance and current limiting factors in bjt devices and incorporate into device models. study and characterize product yield issues to identify root causes in the fabrication process.
create failure analysis reports for l3harris customers when product is returned from the field. maintain and analyze failure component data for l3harris product and presented to customers in a visual manner. support point for other engineers.
designs test station racks to test raytheon circuit cards and radars develops software with c programming and labwindows/cvi for the test station user interface communicates with electronic measurement instruments using scpi commands sent via ethernet uses microsoft access for database processing troubleshoots test setup to produce expected measurement results
identified and characterized root cause of product failures occuring within manufacturing process developed tests to diagnose failures by referencing schematics and modifying test scripts processed and analyzed failing test data using matlab and python submitted technical reports documenting test setup, test procedure, failure cause, and suggested reworks published analyses outlining part capability based on customer requirements developed automated continuity and isolation testing
development and testing of solid state lighting. working for compliance and quality departments to limit production scrap, improve the process, and certify products per third party product safety standards.
lead system safety engineer for multiple us department of defense (dod) military programs. perform hardware/software system safety analyses on various weapon and radar systems to identify potential hazards and associated risks and implement design/operational mitigations to ensure safe operation. collaborate with a cross functional team of engineers to support the design and development of weapon and radar systems to ensure implementation of safety functionality.
· worked on wiring harness designs and in the systems integration lab on the jltv program, developing emi tempest test procedures and integration solutions for equipping the vehicle with weapons, controls, and c4isr equipment.
responsible for maintenance of optical equipment, and other equipment, used by aircrew members.
helped accumulate retinal images and fingerprints from participants to help further biometrics identification. assembled multiple security cameras and programmed them using c#. python was then used for data processing
designed control and instrumentation electronics for laboratory and field tests.
managed projects for the navy continuous training environment all around the us. projects involved managing government resources, handling installations of various rf and training equipment both on ranges and on tower infrastructure.
i managed local database teams, construction teams, teams of project managers, and reported directly to the vp of engineering. i sat outside the three core silos of the regional engineering group to provide communication and coordination between those teams, as well as act as a primary point of contact to engineering for other business, support, and technical operations teams, our division and national project teams, as well as for public relations and government affairs groups.
debugged simulink model and matlab c scripts in support of advanced guidance system concepts assessment. was able to find a flaw using simulink scopes, that allowed the project to move forward. simulated flights in matlab and analyzed output data to assure the simulation matched the pre calculated result within error parameters. supported requirements tracing and verification of system and subsystem requirements by modifying and updating system engineering documents in a doors database.
structural fatigue engineer supporting all domestic and foreign military sale f fifteen aircraft from production through final aircraft life. performed detailed stress and crack growth analysis in metallic structures on any safety of flight critical locations on aircraft. performed statistical risk analysis for fatigue critical locations to verify inspections adequately maintain low risk levels. developed tools in excel and python for analysis, reporting, and parametric trade studies.
lead pm on cutting edge cloud hardware program involving development of a server add in card enabling blade management and telemetry offloading.
work on project "alzheimer's patients on maze exploring" under the supervision of prof. guang tao, zhai. the detail is provided in cv.
assist in deploying analysis and establishing model architecture and workflow processes. provide support to engine development programs, conducting complex performance analysis simulations and optimization tasks.
developed signal processing algorithm for a radar simulation target tracking project in matlab using kalman filtering and sensor fusion techniques as part of an interdisciplinary team of engineers. mastered advanced concepts in synthetic aperture radar (sar), radio frequency (rf) processing, and target tracking to facilitate sub system design and effectively track targets. demonstrated functionality and adherence of system to provided criteria and constraints through multiple presentations.
daytime supervisor for university housing dorm complex. see resume for details.
worked on improving cuda and opencl applications through deep learning and genetic algorithms by finding targeted optimizations for specific compute kernels and shaders.
identified over one hundred integration concerns impacting safety and functionality in the engine compartment and underbody region of t1 two full sized trucks using siemens nx and siemens vismockup. performed static and dynamic component clearance measurements and carefully documented all concerns in microsoft excel; serious concerns were documented in auros and assigned to responsible parties. drove collaboration between part owners to find solutions for all integration issues.
chamber production, mechanical design, research, and electrical design
worked on developing a constraint based path computation algorithm for use in a mpls transport networks, which was deployed on onos sdn controller. worked extensively with java, shell and linux cli for the development, testing and optimization of the algorithm.
engineer supporting boards and associated test equipment.
built new asp .net websites for clients host program promotions and improve brand loyalty developed c# applications to automate business processes and improve project delivery times created sql reports of website interaction and customer spending to aid in development of new programs developed reusable class libraries to allow for more customizable website
utilized embedded c and python for firmware design of gps sensors and radio modules operating in the ism band. conducted hardware troubleshooting and performance testing.
worked on refreshed pcbas design and mcu firmware for carmel, mendocino, coronado and eureka fiber based picosecond and femtosecond lasers
engine modeling
as a cloud support associate in the deployment team at aws, i help customers optimise their aws cloud architecture by guiding them with their design and troubleshooting their issues. i mainly expertise in aws devops services like cloudformation, elastic beanstalk, ecs, eks, batch, etc. i also work on creating tools via scripting for the aws premium support.
validation of silicon designs for rf in wireless soc
i contribute to design build pursuits through design and support of various communications subsystems as well as assist in the design, installation, and configuration of subsystems for the communications laboratory. primary subsystems i have worked with include: network, access control, intrusion detection, passenger information systems, and video surveillance. i also coordinate with the cad team through design to ensure accuracy of project drawings.
electrical maintenance and debug of wireline & perforation tools.
performed power systems studies i.e. short circuit, protective device coordination and arc flash study utilizing skm software to model customer’s power systems. provided customers with clearly written and organized reports detailing the analysis and findings. managed multiple projects to ensure on time delivery and stay within budget. worked in dallas, tx from july two thousand and eighteen to july two thousand and nineteen in the same role before moving to raleigh, nc.
worked for the services team to diagnose and repair vector network analyzers. also worked on the calibration of vnas.
my training program at the tamil nadu electricity board allowed me to learn about the full functioning of a two hundred and thirty/one hundred and ten kv substation and implementation of scada in it.
i was the plant electrician, maintenance foreman, and responsible for ordering parts. this was a manufacturing environment where siemens plc's, danfoss drives, and sick i/o devices were used. i troubleshot and corrected all sorts of industrial control circuitry from 24v to 480v.
i utilized ltspice, matlab, and excel to optimize pulse power loads for the calibration process. additionally, i played a crucial role in the project by selecting the final calibration helmholtz coil geometry through cad modeling and 3d printed prototypes. i integrated and debugged test equipment with custom labview guis
i provided indirect oversight over five teams consisting of ten to twenty case managers as a liaison between the supervisors and case managers. technical troubleshooting of hardware, software, and networks rewrote and maintained operations training documentation training in a class setting and one on one meetings helpdesk ticket auditing and logging oversight and performance auditing of case managers excel, typescript, microsoft suite
assisted, followed, and replaced a maintenance leader on the two engine block machining lines. directed skilled trade workers to maintenance calls and assigned planned maintenance activities on a daily basis. aided in creating standard maintenance procedures for consistent maintenance ability and company audit requirements
performed necessary analysis, documentation, and assessments needed to enable use of ti's devices in functional safety automotive applications as defined by iso twenty-six thousand, two hundred and sixty-two
worked for a small online jewelry manufacturer/retailer. managed the production and quality assurance of the products and the work of three other workers.
designed and coordinated the manufacturing of ecg and ppg sensors to be used on both neonates and pregnant women. managed quality control of manufactured devices, involving incoming inspections and equipment calibrations. implemented internal qms system for iso thirteen thousand, four hundred and eighty-five compliance.
> simulate fpga stratix10 hardware design for radar data processing. > use hdl designer, modelsim/questa, and vhdl + tcl programming. > use git and linux. > models and simulates capabilities of lrdr radar by creating performance graphs on matlab. > analyze simulation results using electrical knowledge to ensure run accuracy. > use git to perform branch operations > extract raw data from simulation runs using matlab gui.
supervised and guided physics department laboratories: oversaw the operational aspects and instructional activities of the physics department laboratories, ensuring a seamless educational environment for an enrollment of approximately ninety students. facilitated student achievement and curriculum reinforcement: played a key role in facilitating student success by providing tailored support for the accomplishment of academic goals and the reinforcement of lesson content. collaborated closely wit
underwent extensive training in implementing various gate and amplifier topologies using mosfets and verifying the designs with spice simulations successfully leveraged the training to develop a robust analog buffer design using an array of two stage operational amplifiers, using current mirrors for calibration further improved the buffer design and reduced transistor count using feedback techniques
resolved complex customer issues involving stocks, options, bonds, currencies, and futures, boosting client satisfaction investigated inquiries related to margins, executions, and liquidations, reducing customer escalations by ~thirty-five% relative to baseline demonstrated expertise in trade analysis, margin resolution, settlement processes, and options exercises
during this research position i in support the ultra fast optics laboratory analyzed phase shift patters of laser through high density gases to observe cluster production within cooled gas. during his time with the group, i contributed to and lead multiple efforts writing scientific papers and reports presenting analysis process and results from the team’s work. i tested rayleigh scattering in a vacuum and in atmospheric pressure and detected x ray levels emitted from high energy plasma.
arc welding of wheelbarrows,window frames,door frames,geysers and bins
worked as a data science analyst role to build and testify dynamic traffic tolling system for i sixty-six beltway for vdot. queried, cleansed and aggregated million row traffic data of i sixty-six from vdot databases using postgresql. performed isolation forest to detect anomalies, and reached ninety-two.three% tpr and zero.sixty-four% fpr after hyperparameter tuning. implemented dynamic pricing model to reduce traffic delay, and verified the model via traffic simulation. performed data visualization to summarize the overal
worked with prof. pietro musumeci to develop a novel hybrid focusing lens for an electron microscope, and simulated the design in an object oriented c++ software
instructed & graded digital logic and computer architecture labs where students designed, tested, and programed digital circuits on fpgas lecturer advanced topics such as clock domain crossing and fpga fabric architecture
plan and execute flight test of electronic warfare (ew) systems on u.s. air force bomber aircraft assist a team of ew engineers to plan and provision for the defense management system – modernization (dms m) update to the b 2a spirit bomber fleet write measures of performance (mop) to document test procedures to meet system test requirements conduct dms m system research to gain familiarization with system functionality and operation
from two thousand and eighteen two thousand and twenty-one held multiple roles in active safety autonomous development during co op rotations. currently working in active safety sensor fusion team. i am responsible for short range radar signal processing, as well as camera signal processing. i was hired in full time january two thousand and twenty-two. i have lead multiple critical projects such as data coherency optimization, in house perception signal processing, testing improvement and mentoring track engineers.
developed vehicle communication and tracking systems. designed pcb layouts catered to client requirements. wrote and tested firmware for internal use and customer specified microcontrollers. created online/offline vehicle tracking systems and reference prototypes for low powered tracking devices.
assure quality and reliability of a device meets industry and customer expectations and standards qualify qualification plans, new product developments, etc.
automotive research and development engineering working on new technologies for automotive and non automotive applications.
manage one manufacturing engineer. we built custom two stage fiber lasers for r&d of lidar systems. create work instructions, safety protocols and built developmental lidar systems.
examine aluminosilicate based refractories, metals, and insulation materials compatibility in the chemically corrosive molten salt environment used in concentrating solar power generation three (csp gen three) system analyze chemical structures and physical appearance of materials before and after experiments using xrd and optical microscope design experiments to test crack healing and pore filling ability of secondary chemicals perform buoyancy test on cenospheres to examine materials quality
the industrialization engineer is responsible for the design and deployment of the safran electrical and power (sep) products production lines; including generators, generator control units (gcus), transformer rectifier units (trus),and other electrical power conversion units. the industrialization engineer assumes full ownership of the design and technical transfer of the line's tools to operations, qualifying them for use with the highest standards of safety, quality, and output.
as a design quality engineer on the minimally invasive therapies surgical robotics project, my main objective is to maintain risk management deliverables and drive design change using risk management tools. i also review protocols, reports, engineering drawings, and wiring diagrams to guarantee comprehensiveness, and i support designing, refining, and qualifying electromechanical designs to ensure sustainable manufacturing.
collected and analyzed reliability information from the components on wichita area power plants.
global security future architectures mission analysis (pending top secret) utilized ansys systems toolkit (stk) to model and analyze platforms and payloads in a realistic mission context to prepare for role responsibilities while awaiting clearance edited and updated user guide for in house rf signal analysis framework toolkit software application contributed to next generation interceptor (ngi) communication link tx/rx circuit design on a stretch assignment
responsible for amera (asia pacific, russia, middle east, africa and turkey) acquisition pipeline, deals origination, and full transaction cycles (due diligence, valuation, approval process, negotiation and deal structuring)
as outlined in resume
assisted in the development of a lab manual for university students to operate the qbot. presented module ideas by learning the qbot functions and capabilities and aligning my knowledge of how the average students in the engineering technology department learn.
assisted commissioning engineers test relay settings in the lab before field implementation, greatly reducing time required in the substation. simulated numerous fault conditions for the verification of relay settings. worked on a cross functional team to address relay setting issues.
supervise the entire project management process involving development of test methods, drafting of descriptive reports, and developing datasheets detailing specifications and performance of commercial and industrial grade technology. responsible for diagnosing potential safety malfunction that could occur for single/three phase power connectors, receptacles, lightning protection systems, power distribution blocks, and connectors for data and signal control.
work experience with automotive industry. rotated every four months to a different business unit. groups supported included embedded software group, electrical systems engineering group, several design release engineering groups, value added value engineering group, and quality group
i am in schneider electric’s power monitoring group as an application engineer. i configure and commission our power quality meters. i also install and configure our power monitoring software.
managing full lifecycle projects from initiation to closure including planning, estimation, scheduling, monitoring and control. creating fixed price and time & material sows to execute panel design projects as per customer requirements analyzing client requirements to identify risks and effort estimations. working on nti/npi/cpi/cr programs of panel design projects for lpsd engines with multiple applications. collaborating with global design teams regularly to get complete panel design
facilitated design consensus review meeting detailing aircraft system integration. project lead for designing harness routing for various aircraft. interfaced with global partners in a hybrid work environment.
design test fixtures to validate our controls hardware and software. write software to simulate third party modules to interact with our controls. designed electrical schematics for the simulators and cad models in creo parametric. create department processes and procedures and onboard training for newly hired engineers. create test cases, analyze test data, and run weekly defect review meetings. supported live systems issues from platform, service, and controls engineering. working on automatin
maintain and develop new features for allison internal simulation software.
debugging and integration of adas compute module for supercruise feature in various vehicle programs.
develops ruby scripts in cosmos to test functionality and requirements of commands and telemetry. designs and implements ruby tools to generate, parse, and modify files used for ground side testing. increases company efficiency by completing need based tasks such as implementing epoch timing conversion tools and organizing command naming conventions.
tested website functionality. compiled backup reports. performed minor server hardware repairs. assisted with inventory control. performed minor facility maintenance.
o responsible for helping students with their processor designs and checking off student designs. o have the theoretical knowledge of caches, single cycle, pipelined and multi core processor designs.
process engineering intern to complete a twelve week. internship beginning in may two thousand and twenty-four in the dry etch department focusing on the manufacture of planar dram. technology
performed troubleshooting of water jet machine pumps: disassembled/re assembled pumps, ran tests, investigated failures
read and complied with part specifications to mask, clean, paint, and cure a variety of flight hardware supported the composite shop with panel lay ups and preparation
data science intern development of sentiment analysis model. development of options trading strategies such as bear put spread and long straddle
worked as applied mechanics and instrumentation technician.
as a part of higher education program, i was trained with the concepts of verilog,system verilog, system verilog assertions and uvm. i worked on verification of lc3 micro controller project where i was able to find nine functional bugs in the lc3 micro controller design and was able to debug the root cause of these bugs.
researched and procured temperature probes with previously unused material make up which increased temperature sensor reliability in plant wide high temperature applications created and updated electrical schematics for critical plant instrumentation learned basic fluid dynamics to procure flow meters and valves used in different applications and environments
witness power transformer factory acceptance tests in factories spread over the world, perform partial discharge tests in transformers, generators and other high voltage apparatus, train clients and coworkers, commissioning power transformers, including assembly and electrical tests, management duties.
maintain accounting records about store expense perform sales transactions for the guest acting as a lead to ensure that all merchandise – incoming and outgoing are secured monitor diamond testing responsible for scheduled bank deposits and inventory counts in charge of security and inventory control
this was a summer internship out in rural nebraska building an eighty-seven tower wind turbine farm. i helped coordinate daily planning of electrical related activities on site. this included cable trenching, terminating at transformers, cable splicing and tower wiring. i helped perform quality checks during cable splicing and climbed towers to help the rotor and nacelle assembly groups.
efficiently utilized plm and cad (creo) for robust references and optimal performance organized work with a global team to integrate components for projects on short timeline integration and troubleshooting of new autonomous driving components on prototype tractors
backend developer in java for internal actuarial calculation software which supported actuarial products for companies in ecuador
responsible for managing all test and evaluation activities within the naval air traffic management systems program office (pma two hundred and thirteen) and leading the pma two hundred and thirteen t&e functional team. our team works with program managers, contractors, test squadrons, and dod leaders to ensure system test and evaluation is adequate, efficient, resourced, and provides decision quality data in a timely manner. i lead a team of six, including other apmt&es, lead test engineers, and test resource managers.
while working for chevron, i mostly dealt with scada automation and networking in an industrial environment. i worked on projects ranging from working in an underground mine, to installing advanced hyper spectral infrared imaging cameras in china.
as an intern in the electromechanical systems for space division, i am directly involved in the design of the electronics subsystem for an on orbit servicing robotic interface (sirom) as well as electrical ground support equipment (egse) for the technology demonstrator of the european robotic orbital support services (eross) project. i am also involved in the design of electronics for lunar subsystems with a focus on the use of cots.
>worked with sse intrinsics for speed optimizations in different encoders. >worked on vp9 encoder for speed optimizations. >worked with the hevc decoder for adding additional error resilient support in the existing decoder. >created hevc parser to detect errors in an incoming bitstream. > experience with intel quick sync video api and nvidia's nvenc for h264 and hevc encoding. >developed new intra coding path for low latency in hevc encoder. >worked with aom(alliance of open media) av1 codec for
developed and commissioned advanced process control strategies to optimize profit within the facilities and on a well pad level managed and provided regular maintenance of advanced process control applications collaborated with panel operators and shift engineers to execute and monitor step changes for advanced control systems collected and analyzed facility response data using honeywell profit suite software to build dynamic process models
worked as an engineer in wireless division of enterprise networking in cisco systems india
i worked on two projects: one. tested and helped develop an adhesive to track fuel drips from the fuselage of the kc one hundred and thirty-five two. planned failure analysis tests of elastomers under tension to examine breakdown characteristics of material
i created a report system that interfaced with existing production data to improve product scrapping reports and help prevent downed production lines. responsibilities included meeting deadlines, meeting stakeholder needs, and producing solid deliverables.
biotech start up in silicon valley, developing bio based, opto fluidic, single molecule detection for high sensitivity diagnostics and biosensor applications. design and construct electrical engineering based systems such as laser control boxes, pcb component composition, and galvanometer control systems resulting in more accurately controlled measurements (pre baccalaureate and post baccalaureate work experience attained with fluxus inc.)
o responsible for overhauling ece four hundred and thirty-seven by redesigning labs, check off sheets, interface files, and testbenches in systemverilog o redesigned the instruction set used in the course and updated the assembler and simulator tools in c, bison and flex o implemented the re architect of the multi core by redesigning it to work with an avalon bus interface in systemverilog o created new mips asm files for the updated instruction set and lab changes. o developing test modules for testing various standard
developed embedded gui for vibration testing rig using arduino for rapid prototyping to eliminate costs of third party testing as apart of an internship i began in high school
recruited, evaluated, delegated and monitored staff and private contractors. balanced a $forty,zero budget with payroll, generated quarterly reports, and self managed contracts for instructors, while coordinating with uc davis business manager and board of senators.
involved in commissioning new electrical equipment on site (plant & utilities) and diesel power plant/national grid synchronization responsible for maintenance and engineering works related to electrical (hv/mv/lv), instrumentation & control (siemens pcs7) for the kipoi stage two copper process plant (agglomerator conveyors heap leach sx ew reagents) and also the mine and camp. in charge of electrical equipment’s reliability, condition monitoring, statutory checks & failure's root cause ana
distributed control system (dcs) library development as per project design specifications. software engineering and testing.
after the techstart program, i decided to pursue a data engineering position as opposed to a software engineer after working with many data engineers in my last rotation. i was offered to stay on the team as an associate data engineer where i maintain databases, convert data in old data systems into cloud technologies, and create programs for ingesting data in languages like sql, java and python. i have also learned topics such as data modeling, pipelines, and more from more senior engineers.
i have worked at the cad lab, cds dept., on accelerating object tracking algorithms using parallel computing and vector processing for real time implementation.
review and draft project proposal to determine time frame, funding limitations, procedures for accomplishing key software milestones, staffing requirements and allotment of available resources to project phases. direct and coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure project progresses on schedule and within budget. confers with project personnel to provide technical insight and support to resolve problems. develop and oversee computer system delivery.
united states air force intelligence officer. expertise in conducting all source military intelligence analysis, special operations forces mission planning/operations, special intelligence airborne collections operations, and liaising between national defense scientists/engineers and intelligence operations. current focus is on space and advance technologies. see resume for further details regarding assignments, duty titles, and responsibilities.
regularly engaged in the removal and replacement of various components falling under the responsibility of the airframes division managed the tool control program and assisted the hazmat program’s adherence to dod/california requirements
operate laboratory test equipment and fabricate custom testbeds and test fixtures to support a variety of program domains including rf, radar, and underwater acoustics. integrate electrical and mechanical components and assemblies into functional prototypes. analyze gain response and s parameter data to characterize rf amplifiers and signal chains. create test plans for radar systems at remote indoor/outdoor locations and in the lab. acquire data sets to conduct electrical mechanical and thermal
i work in a manufacturing facility, and i am basically in charge of keeping the plant running electrically.
contract / contingent worker (intel green badge) intel mask operations mmt
taught scratch and python programming classes as well as abacus mathematics to kids aged three fourteen. developed a turtle racing game in python for the students’ entertainment and motivation.
create a consistent, supportive and therapeutic environment for youth in a non secure detention facility. ensure basic needs are met and youth receive services related to their treatment. this includes individual and group work, mentoring, and assisting other treatment professionals to prepare each youth for a successful return to their community. generate behavior reports and keep timestamped log of activity.
i partnered with customers to ensure precise software design, implementation, and verification using agile processes. i developed over three hundred do 178c compliant requirements for boeing 777x maintenance software and coordinated recovery plans to meet deadlines. leading teams to achieve dal a certification for the safran spu300 apu, i also authored mcdc test cases and mentored junior engineers. additionally, i verified arinc four hundred and twenty-nine protocols for pw1000g fadec and optimized verification methods.
end to end information systems lead for a special program. flight system systems engineer for an autonomous robotic rover project (cadre).
staff engineer that assists in process optimization, function, safety, and monitoring. also supports quality control efforts and looks for processing steps to enhance or eliminate.
at exoterra resource, llc, as an electrical engineer, i designed three distinct pcbs integral to an electric propulsion system. this complex system incorporated three differently sized nozzles, high voltage cathode, anode, and magnets. my technical acumen and innovative design strategies led to a successful project outcome, boasting over forty% thrust efficiency, thereby enhancing the propulsion system's overall performance.
xilinx ultrascale+ fpga motherboard hardware design; verilog knowledge in xilinx vivado environment; reverse protection controller and pol dc dc controller design and ltspice simulation; hyperlynx si/pi simulation for fpga design, s parameters, ddr timing and power drop analysis; automotive components selection following aec q standards.
designed electrical circuits and pcbs for scientific payloads sent to the international space station.
as a senior software engineer at oak street health, i work on distributed cloud based microservices to facilitate electronic medical health record data. i work on high performance software that is critical to patient safety and leverages cloud compute for scalability. this past year my team and i won the two thousand and twenty-two medtech breakthrough award in healthcare software innovation.
assist with telecommunications projects in tech assistance and engineering.
innovated additive manufacturing efforts for development team with cost effective design solutions and prototyping implemented energy saving project initiative totaling $300k per year in savings
i developed software for raven's omnipower platform, an autonomous agricultural implement. projects ranged from board support level c code of stm32 microcontrollers to rtos level c++ and user interface development.
collaborated with teams to develop validation processes for two thousand and seventeen two thousand and eighteen heavy duty and mid range engine programs developed and ran automated test scripts on engine control modules supported the development of failure modes error analysis documentation for mid range engine programs
entry level position in quality department. also did some computer processing and programming. temporarily laid off due to covid nineteen.
full stack software engineering in java, typescript, and sql
i spent some time with dr. michael hennessey while at the university of st. thomas doing work on brachistochrone curves, which furthered my interest in control theory, with its huge potential, particularly in molecular biology and biotechnology. i contributed to a paper presented at the iasted conference on intelligent systems and robotics called “brachistochrone on a 2d curved surface using optimal control.”
position responsibilities: one. carry out the high level design and low level design according to business scenarios and product requirements, independently complete development tasks and solve problems according to the development process, and write corresponding development documents and code description files. two. participate in projects development and testing; three. participate in the deployment and maintenance of projects; four. provide technical guidance and code review to the team.
· followed new programs through the phases of the advanced product quality planning (apqp) process and completed nine audits at milestones to ensure a safe product launch. · ensured customer satisfaction by leading a team in root cause analysis, permanent corrective action and interim corrective actions of sorting at customer sites for any incoming quality concerns · maintain records of monthly customer scorecards to identify areas of continuous improvement in quality
achieved a fifty% growth in monthly revenue within four months initiated marketing efforts across channels, including a multi part video ad campaign managed media buying vendors and fixed the problematic campaigns of a vendor who left
create, update and modify models and drawings while incorporating gd&t based tolerancing schemes for the company wide library and for cots parts (commercial off the shelf). learn to describe the engineering intent of parts/assemblies and appropriate part defining definition methods. research and design models according to part specifications, drawings, and data sheets.
member of the palace acquire (paq) program, my daily tasks primarily involve on the job training. this includes online courses, shadowing established engineers, and observing the functions of the government and other organizations.
automated repetitive processes in vba excel, cutting manual workload by thirty minutes daily and saving seven,five hundred hours annually conducted event driven research to support options trading strategies in the implied volatility three dimensional surface programmed in python to create and modify cryptocurrency asset classes, allowing increased exposure to diversification reconciled trade breaks, coordinating with brokers and clearing firm to ensure transaction accuracy and speed
responsible for maintenance and reliability of all electrical equipment across the mill. participated in cap. ex. projects at various other mills and at my base mill. supervised over ten electrical and instrumentation technicians often.
worked closely with plan production employees, engineering, maintenance and management team while delivering results on continuous improvement opportunities. created schematics and selected components for power distribution boxes and interconnects. assisted hardware development for use in design testing, manufacturing, and formal testing phases of product development.
at racing surface testing laboratory, i conducted granular material research and developed test protocols, performed data analysis, and trained new employees. i also worked for the sister company, biologically applied engineering, where i traveled to thoroughbred horse racetracks throughout the country to perform in situ surface testing.
worked with professional mechanical engineers to develop mechanical, structural, and equipment requirements for various projects. performed trade studies using statistical methods and tools developed in excel. worked with site contractors to evaluate project timeline, performance, and quality.
as an electrical engineer and software developer at dormition skete monastery and orthodox church, i maintained a java based e commerce platform, managed a content rich website, and ensured reliable video streaming services. i used python and regex to expedite publishing processing. i also oversaw the electrical systems, network infrastructure, and integration of hardware and software systems, contributing to the monastery's digital transformation.
generated a feed forward, seven input neural network model using python (tensorflow) to retrieve aerosol parameters from polarimeter and lidar satellite data in support of pace mission. documented code extensively to facilitate ease of usage by other scientists and interns. prepared multiple presentations to share updates on progress and interact with nasa staff scientists.
partake in architectural planning, design and implementation of our cloud computing solutions. · actively involved in deploying and managing solutions on our cloud compute and storage infrastructure. · partake in performance analysis, proactive troubleshooting, continual improvement, and capacity planning of our production virtualized environments. · oversee system monitoring solutions and assist our software developers with technical issues · designed, build, implemented and currently supportin
during my internship i wrote plugins for flight simulators as well as interfaces for controllers.
organized technical and executive interviews for expat applicants. contacted executive members and team leads during the process of organizing and confirming technical and executive interviews. submitted and organized interview results into internal data system and helped maintain relationships with external sources. analyzed current internal recruitment systems and proposed ways of transforming the current talent community to develop an efficient method of organizing applications and ma
created the credit service two.zero portal, a full stack web app for reviewing fraudulent transactions. credit service portal creates new lines of business for microsoft and allows for the generation of millions in revenue year over year. asp.net mvc five is used to control server side functionality including http lifecycle and restful api access, angular six used for client side dom rendering, azure web service used for deployment.
design and release e motor and starter motor components and assemblies for production across ev and ice platforms.
started this job as an 'engineer in training', it was basically twenty-four months rotational training program in which i traveled eight different states all over the us where lehigh hanson's plants were located. i was assigned numerous projects related to power systems which i mentioned in my resume also and after the completion of training program i was promoted to 'electrical engineer ii' position.
conducted feed and detailed design of medium and low voltage electrical power distribution systems, both onshore and offshore, and performed various duties, such as leading a team of designers in developing electrical drawings, such as one line diagrams, building layouts, and lighting/grounding systems. also performed load calculations for sizing cable and electrical equipment (switchgear, mcc, ups, lighting, transformers) to meet client criteria.
discovering the relationship between estrogen receptor and hormonal therapy response by analyzing patient tumor images and cell signalling pathway activity with deep learning and cell signal analysis, respectively.
my major responsibilities included preparing subject material, mock question papers, reviewing the content on the website, and guiding iit jee aspirants through various support facilities.
responsible for the quotation, project execution, scheduling, and quality of structural remediation and mechanical upgrade projects on an open cut iron ore mine site.
responsible for testing and analyzing electronic actuator performance on the product development team derive the relationship between the electrical and mechanical parameters of the actuator utilized statistical regression analysis to support data results and drive decision making report analysis and results to contribute to decision making during the development cycle tools: can j1939, matlab, simulink, excel, powerpoint, doe, fmea
investigated solutions to replace obsolete test cell dynamometer outlet valve controller with a less expensive cummins control system. researched and tested potential solutions using pid control systems and linux based software updated electrical drawings and assisted in developing electrical drawing standards organized and plotted dyno calibration data for use in statistical analysis to aid several teams in understanding calibration failures and determining better tolerances.
in this internship, i led development of the innovation studio for endress+hauser. in this lab space, i created various models of e+h products with 3d printing and legos to excite students about learning more about the company. i also brainstormed activities to complete using the existing tools, such as 3d printers and robot arms.
developed controllable underwater robotic vehicles and autonomous vehicles as part of an osu underwater robotics research team in the center of automotive research. two company funded projects honed my technique through hands on experiences in hardware and software design under the supervision of dr. ziaeefard.
design and development for xilinx fpga/soc based systems. i work frequently with vhdl and have some familiarity with verilog/system verilog for verification. i have also written embedded c applications that run on the zynq seven thousand soc. some experience with freertos as well.
the site controls engineer responsible for controls related capital projects and technical resource for plant operations.
conduct system and sub system hardware testing to validate components to company and government requirements. responsible for selecting appropriate instrumentation, installing the required instrument, setting up data acquisition, analyzing and processing data, and presenting the information in a formal document.
principal rf / analog designer for preselector / guard / reference oscillator module on the thunderbird program: detailed design (in zuken system designer), modeling (in keysight ads), implementation of circuit card design, hardware/software integration, design verification testing, and qualification testing support. ldmos power amplifier temperature compensation for transponder: successfully developed, built and tested an engineering prototype of op amp design to meet piece wise model.
aedesign (pvt) ltd, pakistan assistant manager controls, control systems department (july two thousand and eighteen to date) team lead controls, control systems department (july two thousand and sixteen to june2018) control systems engineer, control systems department ( april two thousand and fifteen to june two thousand and sixteen)
performed electrical design activities of substation projects such as: cable tray layout hazardous area classification aboveground power layout underground layout cable and conduit schedules motor elementary diagrams switchgear and mcc schematics connection diagrams
design battery energy storage system (bess) site layout and oneline drawings to guide site engineers in implementation during construction coordinate with project owners, utility, and contracted engineers to ensure that bess drawing set agrees with other drawing sets and reflects the requirements of all involved parties
added dynamic models and test coverage to the air suspension sil infrastructure developed features and unit tests for air suspension firmware and validated vehicle platform firmware releases, identifying and adding coverage for new bugs lead the bring up and firmware integration of the semi hil tester
engineering change management including plant trials and global breakpoint coordination, part of a $10m/year savings streamlined interface control documentation process. templated all front/rear closures electrical component interfaces benchmarked gm and competitive vehicles. collected and analyzed sound data for future gm nvh standards technology strategizing including signal distribution, module integration, and software planning
engineering intern. developed a second gen prototype of a test tool. mix of software, electrical, and mechanical design.
responsible for a full stack erp product called ace. more here: https://www.aurea.com/library/collaborative enterprise/
using various types of electronic test equipment to evaluate, test, and troubleshoot multiple models of oscillators, from ocxos to tcxos, to comply with certain specifications.
i am employed as a pulsed power engineer at lawrence livermore national lab. i support the analysis, design, and experiment efforts of a group that builds magnetic flux compression generators to power high energy density experiments.
currently, i work in toshiba memory corporation (kioxia) at bengaluru as software engineer. my work is focused on developing firmware for solid state drives (ssd).
i joined nvidia's applied power architecture team as an intern. there, i contributed to the development of a python based power estimation tool for discrete gpus by developing estimation models for different features. additionally, i also developed test cases to enhance the verification coverage of the power estimates.
tutoring engineering bridging programme students running computer lab sessions on behalf of lecturer marking supervision of tutors
forestry intern for nebraska forest service. see resume for details.
senior design project (sponsored by raven industries) designed an eight layer camera emulator pcb from scratch and wrote firmware for it.
starting full time as a software engineer for the xbox/azure silicon architecture team on march 1st two thousand and twenty-one.
software support to nswc crane aerial electronic attack division. with minimal oversite/direction, developed software to control, monitor, and interface with hardware functions.
engineering of custom tailored industrial solutions for major oil and gas corporations. requirement gathering and subsequent translation to project specification and documentation. development of customer relationship, focusing on key accounts. business development. portfolio presentations for partners and customers. compilation of technical and commercial offers.
designed a system to automate headlight intensity compliance testing using stepper motors, small microcontrollers, a light sensor, gcode, c++, & excel vba worked closely with mechanical engineers and assisted with testing of headlight intensity measurement system assisted with engineering calculations, design drawings, preliminary cost estimates prepared design documents, alignments, specifications, criteria details, and estimates
summer internship working a radar related classified project. all work done in matlab.
industrial consulting services for the die casting industry, supplying services for electrical assembly, die cast process improvement, and automation. also support for other oems (two die cast oems) with engineering items on an as needed basis.
led cross functional engineering team on designing and implementing an industry first electrification kit on oem agricultural implements paired with john deere tractors developed john deere best practices for electrification projects utilizing john deere power electronics on oem vehicles provided input to upcoming iso standards as recognized expert on a standard agricultural connector used to provide ethernet communication and high voltage power from a tractor to an agricultural implement
field engineer in electrical division. troubleshoot, maintain and provide support on power distribution equipment for a wide range of businesses and government organizations. work on medium and low voltage switchgear, both eaton and non eaton equipment. update electrical drawings using autocad. received specialized training in protective relays and variable frequency drives. support customers throughout the united states, but i mainly support michigan and northern ohio.
research, implement and design electrical and radio frequency rf components and systems to improve unmanned aerial vehicle.
worked as a researcher on improving the performance and emissions from internal combustion engines. performed high speed imaging of combustion and spray characteristics in an optically accessible engine. implemented and used image and data processing techniques to study the effect of engine conditions on spray and combustion characteristics. i developed a new sensor for detecting fuel impingement in direct injection engines. currently in the processes of obtaining a patent for this sensor.
team member of the test engineering department.
circuit analysis on pcb's for high priority product failures (early life failures and health/injury risks). electrically troubleshoot over one hundred sku's of medical devices. organize department metrics and tracking system. develop troubleshooting methods and train other engineers
responsible for end to end product realization including: assembly and quality control for all mtest quattro controllers all electrical panel bom, schematic and assembly documentation for present and future products improve assembly practices troubleshooting customer electrical issues inventory management for electrical components electrical design and assembly for retrofits
responsible for samples preparation and developing instruction guidelines for sample analysis perform esem/ eds analysis on corrosive alloys used for aircrafts manage and organize large data files for each location at each site using excel
responsible for meta (middle east, africa, and turkey) strategic transversal projects from conception to implementation
designed and built the hardware and software for an ai battleship game that used probabilistic modeling and optimization to improve its gameplay used the documentation of that process to develop the curriculum for a student to replicate the project, learn practical engineering skills, and the principles of ai along the way
i created an excel macro to reduce post test data analysis by fifteen minutes per air, coolant, and oil validation tests. i wrote six test reports that describes the testing setup, results, and complications for future engineering reference. i planned, oversaw, and analyzed testing for four rotor endurance validation tests.
design review and construction supervision of five hundred/220kv substations.
researched and developed a new communication technology for the insulin pump. utilized fundamental properties of rf to model communication and power consumption. assisted other team members in various projects, including updating schematics, pcb layout, and board bring up
maintain store appearance, keep our products customer ready and/or transform the store for a new season.
i did an internship at an mri research facility where i designed an imaging coil made for angiography research, built a working olfactometer, and did research into complex permittivity measurements using a network analyzer.
orchestrated the day to day operations and movements of the atlantic nuclear ballistic missile submarine fleet. personally trained and certified each submarine crew in the nuclear command and control mission prior to deployment for at sea strategic deterrence operations. served as u.s. navy liaison for the international diesel electric submarine initiative (desi) program and collaborated with the peruvian and colombian navies to provide u.s. nuclear submarines real world experience tracking.
electrical lead for medical and ivd equipment design and development
i worked in the rf and antenna design lab, on designing a microstrip filter. i surveyed on various topics related to rf engineering, like wearable patch filters, saw/baw technology, and metamaterial devices
responsible for qualification and validation of equipment and process parameters to ensure the product meets quality standards.
worked on a machine learning predictive model for the app player and studied various machine learning algorithms for the same. i also developed a design automation script in python for the app player’s game ui to generate a large number of similar designs from a common template.
assist in the limitation of electromagnetic interference in the design stage of new medical devices.
responsible for gathering requirements from ipt’s and customers and then designing a system to acquire data to fulfill them, then carry out flight test data acquisition and processing execution to provide data to ipt’s began build up of new fti/dp team, mentoring junior engineers and developing the team to execute multiple flight test programs executed multiple improvement projects for flight test instrumentation and data processing on u2: o completed trade study, down selection, procurem
one) design and implementation of power system smart waveform recorder. two) design of gui for power quality data management. three) design and implementation of cnn for power quality event classication.
one. grasped the knowledge about the intelligent medical robot and its control, as well as the single port endoscopic surgical robot system; read relevant literature to understand the research background; two. conducted research on the data collection and communication ways of the robot control system; three. assisted in the research on surgical robot systems; four. completed the experimental report and other document work.
i organized projects and personnel training. i managed business communications and inventory and directed and supervised automotive services.
i worked with the systems engineering team and was primarily responsible for system rf characterization, failure mode and effect analysis, as well as analysis of stability issues and development of support tools and testing of various dsrc/v2x products. i performed software requirement analysis, embedded software development, and test procedure generation for wireless communication modules used in connected vehicle products to improve vehicle safety.
currently working for the joint simulation environment helping integrate 5th generation hardware and software. i work with f twenty-two and f thirty-five flight simulators and help integrate real life cockpits with virtual simulation.
one.checked scripts following the guidelines set by the university with a much more diligent approach two.guided forty-five students per class and helped them to clarify their queries three. conducted research activities related to mems, piezoelectric phenomenon, fpga, rfid, smart grid and reduction of total harmonic distortion
supported system acceptance testing for new customer deployments (utility companies) for electric meter, gas meter, water meter and network device. worked on the network rebalancing / optimization plans for different device type to meet up with the customer technical requirements. supported over the air reprogramming, system audits for customer deployments and first article testing for all new electric meter orders in north america.
product development co op responsible for collaborating with manufacturing engineers to launch hollister's first wearable leak detection sensor and collaborating with r&d engineers for product testing.
assisted with the test information sheet (tis) creation process for the space ground link system/unified single band command acquisition tis by working with systems engineering to define test standards and terminology created two program posters highlighting the emtb layout and payload conducted research on how to implement a single sign on feature for a new northrop grumman software change tracking webtool
worked on construction jobs and supervised some of the projects.
as an electrical engineering technician, i assist in designing, testing, installing, and maintaining electrical systems and equipment under the guidance of senior engineers. my responsibilities include conducting tests, troubleshooting electrical issues, documenting procedures, and ensuring compliance with safety standards and regulations. my hands on expertise is vital in ensuring the efficient and safe operation of electrical systems.
developed hardware and embedded software for contractor grade high volume low pressure paint pumps. performed tests for senior engineers. worked on four hundred and forty eight hundred and forty line pumps and helix foam sprayer. developed prototype controller for next gen four hundred and forty. developed pid coefficients for helix foam sprayer pre heat system.
one. validation performance engineer: two. infotainment domain lead:
electro mechanical design support across more than ten projects within different areas of the laboratory’s national ignition facility laser through the use of cad tools such as autocad and ptc creo schematics documenting over fifty commercially available, off the shelf products and custom built devices creating, managing and revising of electronics documentation at system and assembly levels, particularly drawings, procedures, and other technical information, through cad tools and ptc windchill
flight controls engineer responsible for software development, integration and testing.
the student will use optical tweezers to study protein folding under supervision of graduate students or postdoc in the lab. to this end, he will learn the principle of optical trapping, data analyses of single molecule trajectories, and biological background of the protein to be studied.
i work on developing electrical architecture for navistar. i work with unified diagnostics systems as well as the can bus communications network.
serve as a resource for students to ask questions and facilitate engagement in the activities held in the rit college of engineering technology.
documented use of updated pcb design software and trained two other employees. installed new test system for performing factory tests on i/o modules. determined problems with malfunctioning modules in the field, and repaired as necessary.
i complete testing on new products and run error analysis on legacy products. i create new pcb designs in altium. my current tasks are conducting error analysis on a machine that has been malfunctioning for the past five years.
coordinated upgrades for instrument test fixtures by designing and sourcing materials participated in initial board bring up and design reviews wrote firmware tests for stm32 based boards maintained company altium component library
here my role is that of a control engineer. focused on development of control algorithms for electric and hybrid vehicles. worked on development to vector control for pmsm (foc and dtc) and testing of the algorithm through ni crio and ti c2000 series controllers. completed development of sensorless control of bldc star connected motor, currently working on control of sensorless delta connected bldc drive.
planning, design, and installation of wired and wireless communication networks and systems such as optical fiber networks/equipment, trs (trunked radio system), pabx, etc. operation and maintenance of communication networks and systems
my part time technician role was a continuation of my internship but with decreased hours, as i was working while completing my final year of undergraduate study.
i take part in development of high speed storage controllers that use pcie, nvme, and raid. i work with development in overall design architecture, testing models (uvm), and fpga synthesis.
fpga system design, development, debugging, and implementation using vhdl, altium, and xilinx ise/vivado. vhdl design for systems with msps adcs, gsps dacs, gbps serial, ddr3 ram, ethernet, virtex six/seven, and spartans. troubleshooting of circuits and systems using oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, xilinx/vivado tools, and other industry tools. routinely use altium for schematics.
lead calibrator for two programs and a people leader with three direct reports. reviewed vehicle data with roush performance hardware team to provide background for hardware improvements to increase performance. authored calibration whitepapers and released calibrations for roush performance mor (manufacturer of record) and retail kit products. worked closely with roush performance products group to document, diagnose, and solve customer issues.
wrote golang and python for a product that would do anomaly detection.
designed, built, and tested, slotted array antennas, utilizing frequency selective surfaces.built and tested wide frequency band antennas. performed stacked dielectric resonator antenna array study.
assisted with manufacturing, production, and r&d relating to power inverters, motor controls, and smps test and debugged inverter gate drive and control boards, focusing on root cause of hardware failures designed, cad modeled a pcb for communication between controllers and hardware in the loop devices received high voltage/high power training and ran ul/ieee one thousand, five hundred and forty-seven tests on two hundred+ kw inverters for micro grid and distributed generation purposes utilizing labview programs and can protocols.
autonomous water vessel design and operation; owned projects including reprogramming an adapted drone controller for use on a small autonomous surveying vessel, autonomous nav and collision avoidance, electronics design and fabrication, and 3d print design. additionally performed the operational duties of deploying and operating the surveying vessel for various contracts, each requiring new features, hardware, or operational constraints.
assisted in development of a driver monitoring system demo to showcase image sensor’s near ir performance
evaluate project and conducting project cost. evaluate the quotations received technically based on the project specifications inspect electrical execution of projects on site. plan and schedule preventive maintenance.
ford motor company legacy and future electric vehicle connected feature tcu software validation.
design, code, test, integrate and document production test software for aviation products design test hardware including fixtures, cabling, and circuit cards contribute to engineering estimates for moderate complexity tasks contribute to engineering requirements capture, analysis and creation for moderate complexity designs coordinate test software design reviews and ensure the generation of appropriate design documentation prepare and present project and/or technical information to peers
programmed and designed electrical control systems using rockwell automation tools, human machine interface (hmi) screens, and programable logic devices (plc). lead hardwired control safety system upgrades for robot testing cell. traveled to assist with a factory install checkout.
responsible for operation of thirty+ mw of utility scale solar installations across the united states. directed crews for electrical repairs and maintenance, grounds work, security, and utility interconnection.
provide reliability support for customer returned materials and repair efforts identify failure trends perform safety assessments of materials and processes lead root cause corrective action (rcca) efforts maintain relationship with customer and suppliers through frequent cadence and timely failure reporting determined test required to verify reliability of production and repair hardware perform reliability predictions to estimate mean time between failures of hardware in development
my work revolves around electronic warfare projects. i am a firmware engineer, so most of my time is spent developing vhdl and vivado ip for fpgas.
azure hardware system infrastructure team, logic designer for custom cpu core
c++, python development engineering intern. for all company development platforms. supported customers with new requirement and existing issues
managed new product introduction (npi) qualifications ensuring that they meet target market standards and the company’s time to market schedule; and handled subcon monitoring for semiconductor silicon and packages.
created a windows application in c# to streamline device testing by automating testing for both android devices and glucose meters in one user interface wrote a bluetooth decoding program for frontline protocol analyzer for the roche proprietary communications bluetooth protocol migrated test cases to different platforms with python, from jira to testrail debugged and solved bluetooth connectivity problems on a roche ios app
i write manufacturing work instructions for varying levels of assemblies within reentry vehicles and gps satellites using associated engineering drawings, parts lists, and/or 3d models. i also communicate with design engineering, quality engineering, and technicians to design fabrication plans and incorporate improvements in the manufacturing process in sap ve cams
i'm currently an northrop grumman corporation employee. i am an associate software engineer working on infrared counter measures systems.
i worked as a waiter in my hometown at this restaurant before, during and initially after my acquire of a bachelors of science in electrical engineering from texas a&m college station. i initially started back in the summer of two thousand and sixteen and would work full time summers and winters until two thousand and twenty when i began working fulltime. upon graduation i worked full time until november two thousand and twenty-one when i was called up for active duty in the air force.
developed full stack applications and cyber applications. created unique solutions to reduce information overload and allow for ease of access of information. directly participated in team environments and via structured development lifecycles. utilized database platforms, devops concepts and tools, and programming languages to contribute to the development and support of applications. developed capable prototypes to support the mission. worked successfully in a multi disciplined, di
job role as an embedded developer, i'm working on firmware development for a project called variable frequency drives (vfds), a part of automationx project by rexroth. the technology used is embedded c, also i am responsible for firmware integration and regression testing.
prepared test samples and confirmed quality for horizontal directional drilling darpa research project. install sensors on the horizontal directional drill rig and implemented data logging system with a daq and labview.
develop radar threat simulations using rf parametric information. c# software development for a graphical user interface for a tactical radio.
taught optimization and operations research and other courses.
3d printing of biomaterials research under the direction of jason gleghorn phd. internship required fluency in ms excel, ms word, and ms powerpoint. within internship, trained to proficiency in plasma machinery. presented at ud research symposium in front of five hundred people on august fifteen, two thousand and nineteen.
troubleshoot faulty wiring on large machines by tracing professional electrical schematics using regression testing. communicate with engineering team to discuss methods to improve process and performance of heavy machinery. compile data from various schematics, mechanical drawings and inventory orders into organized online system.
working as a full time project engineer in soliton technologies pvt. ltd, a solution provider in the field of semiconductor validation. one) i have worked majorly on validation automation projects as service for leading semiconductor companies like texas instruments, adi and kla using ni labview & teststand, matlab, lua,etc two) ten months onsite experience as radar system validation engineer at texas instruments, bangalore, india three) currently on a video server client design and development project
developed printed circuit boards for test infrastructure for company products. collaborated with coworkers on verifying designs and ideas to support development and production. performed careful reworks and other modifications to correct damaged or erroneously designed circuits on circuit boards. created test plans for and tested circuit boards to verify designs and troubleshoot bugs. performed analyses to inform the capabilities of hardware systems
this was an internship focused on robotics in a glass manufacturing facility. i helped troubleshoot and repair downed robotic components on the main assembly lines. one of my projects was to program diagnostics on a raspberry pi to let facility operations know when essential melting furnaces were not operating under normal conditions.
perform installation, commissioning, testing and maintenance of protective relaying equipment, relaying schemes, dfr equipment, scada systems, distribution automation systems and associated communication equipment perform function testing of substation control circuits on relay panel, transformers & circuit breaker change outs perform end to end relay testing using doble protest/ protection suite software to verify carrier and fiber systems
project management ($120m total project cost, contractor selection/directing, schedule updates, financial tracking) six sigma green belt large equipment specifications/sourcing/installation: induction motors high pressure air compressor skids high voltage switchgear high voltage water pumps medium voltage electric heaters natural gas heater skids programmable logic controller system design (h/w and s/w) authored design practices related to test cell designs
worked designing control panels for texas instruments automated manufacturing processes.
on site contractor for nasa jet propulsion laboratory. end to end information systems lead for a special program with a specialization in integration and test.
i am a practicing patent attorney and have been practicing for more than ten years.
gained experience using general office software and gis mapping software.
worked with interns from around the world completing weekly challenge problems over topics including systems engineering, reverse engineering, hardware security, and more. conducted capstone operations in a contested cyber battlespace utilizing golang. utilized python libraries flask and sockets and javascript to create a web app. presented end of summer presentation to customer. participated in weekly leadership case studies.
engage in designing and implementing automated systems for process control in various industrial settings. this includes programming plcs, designing hmi interfaces, and integrating network communications to ensure seamless operation of manufacturing processes. this position requires a strong understanding of electrical schematics, control system architecture, and real time system troubleshooting.
.net software engineering, following top notch industry standards and best practices in implementing micro services and multi layered architecture systems. development of software solutions using technologies such as c#, .net core, mvc, razor pages, webapi, wpf, angular, javascript, sql server, among others. implementation of devops processes and tools to ensure maximum systems uptime applying advanced knowledge of theory of software architecture and design.
conducted experiments and reported results. my project consisted of making lights turn on and off based off the presence of a car detected by sensors, and determining if the lights use considerably less energy then lights that do not turn off when no cars drive by.
measured mercury lamp irradiance and documented changes to increase lamp lifecycle by sixteen% and increase output by up to eight hundred wafers/day quantified wafer thicknesses by completing over one thousand measurements to improve measurement results and presented final data to engineering team coated wafers, evaluated their thicknesses, tracked results, and created trials to elevate chemical temperature and increase the develop rate
instrumentation and controls systems engineering position. specify instrumentation and valving systems in a hydrocarbon production environment. program and configure control systems equipment within assigned area. design and specify industrial networking systems equipment. instrumentation project engineer for assigned area.
one. literature review of the modular multi level converters, its topologies, control schemes and applications, droop control, pr controllers, lcl filters and virtual impedance. two. matlab/simulink design and modelling of – three phase mmc with sine pwm control. – capacitor voltage balancing control and circulating current control of single phase mmc. – virtual synchronous machine(vsm) control of single phase inverter. – virtual synchronous machine(vsm) control of single phase mmc.
as a navigator, i am in charge of navigation of a $two hundred and fifty million aircraft. this aircraft has a large complement of electronic, navigational, and analog sensors on board. it is my duty as the operator to fully familiarize myself with all the equipment operations and prepare for contingencies if systems malfunction or are otherwise degraded.
i championed and led the adoption of ai practices and solutions across our anz microsoft partner ecosystem. i developed our partners' ai product strategy, ai practice and analytics and ai ip. won three industry awards and microsoft's platinum club in fy22, which only one% of the company win across their careers. experience in machine learning, mlops, data migrations, cloud architecture assessment and design for analytics and ai solutions
taught four undergraduate mathematics courses and performed other university related duties.
drove the process of project planning including scope, schedule and budget formation, procurement strategies, equipment and vendor selection, start up, and commissioning plans. provided leadership, oversight management, delegation, and coordination to the various internal and external organizations that provide services to the projects. oversaw all onsite and offsite constructions to monitor compliance with scope, schedule, and budget.
electrical systems (es213) lab assistant in the fall quarter, circuit and systems (ece205) lab assistant in the winter and spring quarters. helped students with circuit debugging, analysis, measurements, and circuit component functions, when applicable.
test engineer intern, summer two thousand and twenty-two increased the test development cycle efficiency by writing a c++ program that overwrote hardcoded data in stored in the heap (memory) with data extracted from excel.
work as a circuit design engineer. worked on tools like virtuoso schematic editor, spectre for simulation, innovus for verilog, and internal tiling tools. worked on tcam memory design for required ppal and performance flops.
management of various control, instrumentation and measurement equipment including programmable logic controllers, supervisory control and data acquisition (scada) systems, instrumentation, and laboratory analytical equipment.
develop microservices in c# using kafka, kstreams, mongo, grpc, protobuf, kubernetes, docker, istio, azure cloud design and develop modern ehr applications (patient tracker, huddle, electronic prescriptions) with deep integration and syncing to legacy ehr systems take ownership of several services and features from design to production with an emphasis on testing, perfor mance, and scalability build and maintain ci/cd pipeline, unit testing, integration testing, and monitoring for all s
generalist mechanical engineering position. technical experience with complex test assemblies, tolerance stackups, structural dynamics analysis with matlab. additional experience with project management in milestone scheduling and component manufacturing.
automating fpga circuit board isolation, initial power on, and boot sequence tests using python designing and implementing high speed communication blocks using vhdl
i worked for soc benchmarking team.
summer/weekend job demonstrate vehicle features and functionality of in vehicle systems. stay up to date with new technologies. ensure vehicles are properly detailed before delivery. work closely with department managers to ensure customer satisfaction.
i interned with aitl as a work from home intern. i was tasked with developing the schematic and pcb layout for bms(battery management system)
created 3d cad model of original rover design, the rover design was amongst top designs chosen by nasa officials. led a team as project manager to create a manned mission to the moon for the purpose of preparation for a manned mars mission. team was chosen for best manned mission based on requirements. recognized as mvp by nasa mentor as a result of the work put into this effort.
i worked as an official physics tutor for my university. assisted students who were in introductory physics courses with understanding the material as well as working with them on problem solving techniques.
i was an engineer responsible for building large distributed software services responsible for integrating diverse geospatial data, training machine learning models, and serving predictions. i also worked on the research team and integrated the latest computer vision and ml research into the analysis of remotely sensed data. research projects include precise instance segmentation of geographic areas and flow prediction for large hydropower utilities.
i am responsible for the proper operation of a multi million dollar communications system.
electrical engineer designing and building automated industrial equipment (controls engineer)
deal with patent related matters
closed multiple sale deals inclusive of site visits took lead in partner meetings acted as the project manager to coordinate projects with international companies such as anixter and 3w networks contributed highly to the business development activities designed fire alarm systems inclusive of en and ul series of bosch fire and safety systems
manage and maintain the entire university of chicago building at sixty thousand, six hundred and eleven. developed operational plans to guide and informed team members of their goals.
responsible for design, and documentation of rtl blocks used in tactical communication products coordinated solutions between hardware and software teams to address problems throughout initial testing of new products collaborated with verification team to ensure testing of rtl blocks achieved sufficient coverage created high level block diagrams that speed up on boarding of people new to the project
i had an initial title of instrumentation technician, i later progressed within the organization to become maintenance scheduler, planner and later supervisor where i had direct reports. prior to becoming a full time employee at shell in two thousand and six i was a technician trainee at the same organization between two thousand and four and two thousand and five.
responsible for maintenance and management of five large scale cryogenic science instruments. install and integrate instruments on the airborne observatory sofia. electronics repair and modification of cables, pcb boards, and components. cable complex instrument power and communication systems. operate instruments and troubleshoot mechanical and electrical systems. document installation procedures and lab tests. create maintenance manual documentation. deployment preparation and support in four foreig
worked with the new specialty cold mill electrical group to help share my automation experience as well as give me experience working in direct electrical maintenance. worked to help commission and improve new lines as they came online for production. this also included new projects to help with the full commissioning of the new production lines.
designed industrial control panels and distribution boards. rectified provided designs for the shop based on the customer needs and assigned budget. estimated and ordered electrical equipment from different vendors for the designated job. inspected and tested the final products and prepared the release documents. worked with power tolls and informed the safety requirements. gained hands on experience assembling industrial control panels and wiring them based on the provided drawing a
support integrators and field maintenance teams. handle the management of the maintenance contract. perform preventive or retrofit maintenance tasks on systems and machines. report internally the issues on the system, in a philosophy of continuous improvement of the system. assist with installation and deployment of new systems. respond quickly to emergency situations. act as one of the main interlocutors of the design team (r&d) for maintenance issues. propose improvement of maintenance procedu
facilitated weekly engaging group discussions with low income and first generation students regarding postsecondary career options and the college application process. worked with coaches to prep sat lessons based on the students’ needs. recorded and kept track of student progress, paperwork, attendance, and registration in a salesforce database. actively communicated with students, families, and coaches about logistics and ongoing events.
responsible for design and review of application layer software for vehicle body functions, including: exterior lighting, interior lighting, windows, door locks, windshield wipers, horn control, etc. responsible for the interface to the embedded software for the whole company's controls application layer team work cross functionally to architect an software and hardware interface which supports a natural fault reaction and simplified software design
assisted with research for the physics, astronomy, and material science department at missouri state university. assisted with taking apart and assembling vacuum chambers, electron beam evaporators, and helped develop a labview program to read data from an infra red sensor.
i supported testing and development of multiple concrete steel form products and updated strength calculations distributed to engineers globally.
developed requirements and design guidelines for high voltage electrical wiring harnesses and connectors represented john deere internationally as the electric drive expert while developing an innovative agricultural implement traction drive owned the planning and scheduling of product verification testing for the electric machines powering john deere’s first large hybrid tractor designed test plans and led prioritization reviews for innovative electric drive systems and components
produces electrical engineering design packages for electrical power systems of facilities consisting of design drawings, plans, specifications, calculations, and cost estimates utilizing electrical engineering software (i.e., autocad, skm power tools, electrical design/analysis software). design packages ensure compliance with applicable laws, criteria, codes, and standards, and address customer requirements for facilities. troubleshooting equipment and utility issues is required as well.
graded homework sets for all modern physics students and reported all homework grades
agile product owner for perigon vmc platform and boot software. i am responsible for the definition and development of the perigon software architecture as well as leading both of my teams in the implementation. i work closely with our stakeholders and system engineering to ensure our software aligns with the intended functionality while ensuring quality software is developed to our standards for level a software.
undergraduate researcher: researched methods for updating and improving the us navy's rf communication systems.
while working in dr. laurel carney’s auditory neuroscience lab, i incorporated mode locking in a model of the inferior colliculus using matlab. i analyzed in vivo electrode recordings to determine the properties of auditory stimuli that induce mode locking, identified a suitable nonlinear neuron model, and modified the parameters of the model to match the observed data.
responsible for group global five year plan, countries strategic roadmaps, global key strategic topics deliverables.
developed moderately complex conceptual designs, final designs, cost estimates and provided maintenance support for the electrical phases of buildings, equipment installations, utility systems and ground. managed and supported construction projects by providing input on vendor selection, reviewing contractor proposals and interfering with government/regulatory agencies
attend meetings with supervisor, and learn the types of sensors used in a refinery to monitor the processing of oil.
designed test environment to quantify displacement of mouse whiskers in presence of air current. utilized matlab software and high resolution lenses to capture two d images of scene and recreate three d imaging. helped troubleshoot inconsistencies of object’s position and velocity by refining calibration process and matrix calculations
supporting the development of mobile psych room project a project to create a functioning psychrometric room inside of shipping containers. in this role, i have designed several control boxes for controlling heating and cooling inputs to the room as well as to control the units under test. i have coordinated quotes for installing an a2l exhaust system, supplying proper power to the units, and steam injection into the containers. i have tested room stratification and stability.
analyzed forces on various aircraft configurations, tested loads performed, established documentation for, and trained others on production proof testing built a servo motor test fixture and performed testing
currently working as a hardware engineer at valeo (tier one supplier to oems). i am working on a project from daimler which requires me to perform worst case analysis for control unit board of a three phase inverter.
electrical engineer responsible for engine electronics, engine and generator system controls, and engine and generator leads and harnessing.
as a field operations engineer i do a variety of jobs. installing/ troubleshooting new datacenters. designing the loads for our datacenters. i am also the head of the repairs for crusoe. analyzing failure modes to prevent failures in the future and sending devices back to the manufacturer under warranty.
responsible for maintenance and optimizarion of 5g and lte networks in indiana. analysis and design of network elelments for coverage and capacity constraints.
i execute concern fast resolution strategies in the ecu software flashing process within ford customer and service division. (remote work)
dcs (siemens pcs7) hardware & software engineering, instrumentation configurations, commissioning of motors, vfds, and ot networks. functional acceptance tests. project handover to end users
developing a bpl (broadband over power line) internet service network construction project for five hundred,zero households in malaysia, and carrying out a pilot project. carrying out a consultancy service on the feasibility of optical fiber networks and systems for pgcb (power grid company of bangladesh).
software engineering intern working in military communications department. built an insights dashboard for visualizing data on software defined radios.
confer with clients, quality assurance testers, and subject matter experts to translate the needs of the business into reliable software solutions using vb.net and microsoft sql server.
as a technology associate, i was a part of the liberty mutual techstart graduate rotational program where we went through trainings, worked on full stack applications with other members in the program, and joined as an engineer on multiple teams. specifically, the techstart team that i was a member of created a new application from the ground up called the fiscal authority application (faa). as a team, we designed the database, api, and ui along with supporting technologies for the application.
develop new generation of dcm, define technical requirements, conduct design reviews, review software delivery quality. create test cases including communication within the vehicle as well as to telematics service provider (tsp) and toyota smart center (tsc) based on technical specifications. monitor in market dcms for dcm and telematics related issues including root cause analysis and countermeasure implementation. implement specifications and ensure suppliers meet all deliverables
harlem launch alliance is a student run nonprofit organization whose goal is to develop the technical skills of students within city college and local high school students by building sounding rockets and propulsion systems. this position was unpaid and part time. propulsion engineer jun two thousand and twenty – jun two thousand and twenty-one developed simulator to rapidly compute safe & efficient hybrid engine configuration using nasa software (cea).
i will be starting this job in three weeks, so i am not entirely sure about the nature of the work. i will be working with the embedded software development group to design telecommunications chips for phones, testing software changes and looking for ways to break the system under test.
position responsible for managing and directing the enterprise projects from inception to completion through the establishment of standard project management methodologies and processes, in coordination with any external vendor hired to perform an implementation, and will assist the leadership team in making initial strategic decisions supporting the dissemination of technology and services to the enterprise.
test and ew engineer in dayton ohio working at wright patterson afb
controls lead for five custom automated fiber placement (afp) gantry systems and one robot debug electrical systems commission cnc, servo motors, and i/o communication write ladder logic and macros commission drilling robot: siemens 840d, sinumerik operate program siemens plcs for fiber placement heads: tia portal program functions for, design, refactor, and debug c# hmi leader of coding best practices effort multi disciplinary teamwork and customer support website development
tested new installation releases and debugged software on fifty+ scripts ensured quality of backend linux directories and python scripts for custom gui managed five hundred+ test cases and wrote test plans in jira and jama worked with developers to resolve issues on twenty+ software releases
working as a contractor (cathan) at u.s. army gvsc developing software for power control in hybrid vehicle power trains.
# worked with database developers to establish and maintain database user accounts. # worked with the onsite statistician and data analysts to understand data analysis goals and work with cross functional teams to implement them # provided training and support for employees who use the database. # managed and maintained the integration and synchronization of data between the site and database platforms
responsible for risk adjusted revenue & provider engagment products
develop, characterize, and validate touch id fingerprint sensors. collaborate with multi functional teams to integrate the sensors into apple products and take designs into mass production.
analysis and troubleshooting of system issues, in collaborative work with the product development team and the regional support teams world wide.
researched under a faculty advisor alongside two students, hardware obfuscation techniques used in preventing an ic’s netlist design to be stolen simulated approximately two hundred+ obfuscation benchmarks in xilinx vivado, using a virtual xilinx artix seven fpga to analyze trends in utilization and power consumption cataloged each benchmark in a spreadsheet, comparing different hardware security methods with each other using charts and visual aids, resulting in a finalized presentation to the faculty
created an iot android app that gathers information from bluetooth, bluetooth low energy (ble), near field communication (nfc), and radio frequency identification (rfid) devices. conducted data analysis to provide user with mapbox visualization of best possible option given the known resource location, personnel movement and future prediction models.
designed a solar power surveillance system for american safety services developed material take offs and labor for mechanical and electrical phases of projects in the estimating department created timelines of long lead items with project managers
i teach engineering lab classes in electronic circuits and teach a class in microcontrollers.
i worked as an intern on the advanced technologies team.
as an associate emulation specialist, i got introduced to mentor emulator and its numerous applications. i was responsible for understanding the working of emulator and for deploying verification ip such ddr4, axi, pcie on veloce emulator. i was also involved in developing verification components for ddr4 and axi protocol.
led a team of eight in the ship’s administration office, responsible for all administrative, pay and personnel requirements for over three hundred sailors and the maintenance of thirteen ship spaces. coordinated $285k in international travel supporting forward deployed sailors to meet dynamic schedule and mission requirements. oversaw a five man team in a complex, high speed environment driving a $one.five billion naval warship while ensuring daily operations were completed.
tested, built and documented electronic components of projects for masten space systems launches soldered components onto stripboards that served as backup control boards tested and troubleshoot control boards with multimeter and prototyped on breadboards
acted as first line security and administrative personnel to assist on campus residents with access to dorms, and sorting through mail and packages
interned under it professionals to develop fundamental skills in areas including: project management, operational security, and it infrastructure
i have to work with the young team members and guide them to complete the layout cleanup of ic partitions. also, i need to help the team with scripts to overcome systemic error in the ic partitions
worked on the project bi ten nine thousand, five hundred and sixty-one “berri development onshore flowlines and tie ins” with a project management team.
define software specification and design software components for new control features on applied materials ion implanters suite. develop code in c/c++/c#, pmac, and a visual programming language. regular use of database manipulation, serial and ethercat communication, and source control tools. interact with process and hardware engineers for analysis of requirements, testing, and scheduling of software features. interact with customer account teams to investigate and resolve software issues.
one.research, plan, design and develop electrical components, equipment, systems and networks two.apply research to planning, design, development, and testing of systems three.problem solving four.develop or recommend solutions to technical problems five.designs electrical products and systems
as a devops platform intern, i created a user interface to expose meaningful data from multiple tools including aws applications. on top of this, i helped to deliver and deploy the backend infrastructure and continuously maintained the frontend which includes testing for the ui. another main goal of this role that i completed was to provision an aws relational database system to store event data created from various sources.
assigned under the air force’s joint air to surface standoff missile (jassm) program, worked under reliability engineering. generated test plans for pre emd electronics/assemblies and assisted w/ accelerated aging component testing operations.
managed robotic systems integration portfolio of up to $nine.7m and forty-three team members from proposal to handover led international engineers, technicians & suppliers to complete projects within budget & on schedule one hundred% of the time reduced rework by up to fifty% by leading design reviews, risk analysis, fmea, safety risk assessment, process validation, trial build, and site acceptance tests
i conduct microwave photonics and free space optics research with a team of professional scientists and engineers.
analyzing and connecting automobile machinery together for a more streamlined and efficient process under mr. neel srivastava’s supervision
worked to complete both large and small scale projects to improve the safety, efficiency, and productivity of the manufacturing lines at a major manufacturing plant.
front end design, verification of epon, gpon onu/olt mac & pcs rs modules, sonet/sdh mapper, t1/e1/t3/e3 framers, de synchronizers.
developed software and applications for specialized instruments.
research and development, computer vision based pathology analyzers: deep learning based analyzers for reporting male fertility metrics from semen samples; designed and implemented scalable evaluation workflows for various algorithms and models involved; optimized existing in house training pipelines for efficient use of cloud resources; developed poc(s) for the applicability of yolo based cnns for detection of primary blood cells, allowing for efficiency and robustness.
analyzed systems and devices and applied industrial reliability practices in order to determine failure rates and mtbf managed massive database containing system parameters for manipulation of system as design changes occurred collaborated with other design teams to integrate ideas and needs to ensure that everyone was of the same mindset and that everyone accomplished what they needed to
soldered & assembled wiring harnesses for testing large reaction wheel motor controller boards in esd & fod protected labs placed & routed a test board for a floating pin connector worked with systems engineers, and other electrical engineers to improve rw1/rw4 custom printed circuit board reworked a ‘white wire’ jems kristler tachometer custom printed circuit board
design and develop energy power systems for material handling equipment. i work collaboratively with a team to develop validation and verification test plans for evaluating our design.
worked in fixed access network in a rollout project for an internet service provider. responsibilities included supervision of installation, configuration and testing of ip dslam (digital subscriber line access multiplexers).
during my tenure, i collaborated with key partners like nokia, alcatel lucent, freescale, and texas instruments, advancing 3g products development. our team successfully implemented varied subsystem modules, ensuring quality, comprehensive design, and industry standards adherence, leading to successful commercial deployment.
mobile maintenance, install and repair of lottery equipment throughout northern oregon. troubleshooting custom electrical equipment and performing low voltage electrical work.
i am currently an active duty air force officer stationed at wright patterson air force base. i am the team lead of a nine member infrared technical support team. i am also the deputy commander of a forty member intelligence production flight at the national air & space intelligence center.
design, project management, mechanical assembly and software development of a full new ugv system. mentored other electrical/electronic engineers, becoming the electrical engineering ugv’s team leader.
drafting in autocad civil 3d – (property lines, topography, septic system, perc test) conducted perc tests for septic systems and soil sampling surveyed using a carson surveyor two, nikon npl three hundred and thirty-two station, topcon gps
i worked part time as an intern at collins aerospace while i was completing my bachelor's degree. i worked on a team assisting with validation and certification of flight critical software.
trained on, and performed e beam depositions in clean room, as well as any other required clean room activities for quantum photonics research.
i was deeply honored when siemens offered me a summer internship during my university days. i was assigned projects related to power electronics and energy systems which i completed with great dedication and devotion.
ran and analyzed nessus scans in order to follow disa security technical implementation guides. deployed patches using system center configuration manager to address information assurance vulnerability alerts. wrote sql queries to create device collections in system center configuration manager.
delivered tailored academic support: implemented personalized tutoring and instructional methodologies tailored to address the unique requirements of a diverse student cohort in mathematics (including calculus series, differential equations, and linear algebra), as well as physics and chemistry series, providing assistance to an approximate total of fifty students.
system level support for clocking and timing ics. lab automation, test, and verification. direct customer support for existing and legacy devices.
designed settings files programmed in c++ for a variety of major dryer architectures and models initiated and planned conversion of model based sensing and post processing scripts from matlab to python worked with firmware integration using language c coding for different dryer types created test plans, verification procedures, and fmea test cases according to project requirements please see resume for more details!
conducted weekly office hours and tutoring sessions on circuit analysis, including thevenin/norton equivalents, mesh analysis, nodal analysis, and operational amplifiers. demonstrated and helped students conduct laboratory experiments with breadboards, arduinos, and microcontrollers.
in this group, we perform technical studies using software to observe the impacts of incoming projects with large sources of onsite generation and plan for triggered grid upgrades. the team also conducts system wide studies to analyze the health/safety and stabilitity of high currents through the grid. we also develop plans of service to allow large sources of generation to interconnect to sce's distribution system.
support manufacturing/engineering operations. worked on equipment obsolescence, manufacturing equipment database historian, creation of system monitoring aging of power distribution equipment.
electrical lead in charge of electrical contractors for new building construction and machine installation, after eleven months acted as a construction manager onsite. lead machine vendor, civil workers and general contractor until project completion
implemented a microcontroller based web server for dc motor speed control, to encourage the concept of virtual labs wherein people with no access to well furnished labs can also access costly equipment enhanced my knowledge on data communication and computer networking
· designed logic for input signals and sensors to ensure the sensors are working correctly and we have the most accurate information. · collected and compiled accuracies of each part of the senosrs (electrical, mechanical, software) to get an idea of overall sensor accuracy. · wrote scripts to automate the large amount of reusable logic, requirements, etc. for each sensor.
modeling and analysis of electric motor and power electronics exhaust aftertreatment analysis
design firmware and software stacks for xilinx fpgas
designed, fabricated and prototype firing systems to initiate high voltage detonators using capacitive discharge methods. perform visual basic language software changes to the remote firing system. maintain, operate and field wireless network arming and firing equipment during local and remote testing. solely responsible for static network ip programming in all remote fire sets and remote ip devices. responsible for preparation fielding and execution of firing equipment on all explosive test sit
designed, built, and tested jstars ku x band high power phased array antenna.
ece thirty thousand, four hundred and eleven: electromagnetics one spring two thousand and twenty-two hold office hours to answer student questions on material and assignments in this ee core class physics one hundred and seventy-two: modern mechanics spring two thousand and twenty deliver brief lectures and assist groups of students during recitation in this introductory physics course
i designed software on an ad hoc basis using labview to log and report test data from aurora three thousand in excel and monitor data online from kipp & zonen’s smart pyranometer. and responsible for the following: update sops, checklists, and reports as required according to iso/iec seventeen thousand and twenty-five:two thousand and five. perform the required quality assurance for all the machines. provide the required feedback on the engineering design to the r&d and the engineering dep. lead the 5s process in the department.
work in operation on planning. forty hours in summer and twenty hours during school year.
on site internship with robotics & automation startup. responsible for designing and testing of components in autodesk inventor, programming universal robot routines and assisting senior engineers with presentations to clients.
design and write test cases to validate that hardware is in spec. work with designers to characterize ic by capturing kpis through pvt testing. validate a variety of platforms on the board and system level. support remote teams by providing hardware debug. specialized projects such as chip handler bring up and validation platform bring up
helped develop, modify, and support the automated test equipment used to test the z and p series chips helped design and implement new thermal circuit for use on uflex test boards
meal preparation & customer service responsible for the efficiency and accountability of student workers. direct reports vary based on shift load.
created and implemented a study on kangaroo welfare. collected and analyzed behavioral data for ongoing projects. trained and supervised interns and residents and helped them create their own small scale research projects.
conducted fourier analysis of synthetic aperture radar reflection data for image reconstruction. designed algorithms and computer simulations for focusing of a 50kv electron beam device. performed analysis of signal timing and physical construction of ~$100k accelerator experiment.
i was working as model based developer that responsible of generating and validating c code of autosar software components for the application layer of the automotive starts stop systems pojects at power train systems department using simulink and targetlink and currently i work as embedded software engineer who is responsible of developing the embedded basic software layer for the same projects
participated in the research and development of virtual desktops which meet the extreme performance requirements of the gaming including network latency less than eight.three milliseconds
he presales system engineer design radio communication solutions, from the conceptual phases through to implementation that meet customer's requirements. they consult with the customer to determine their requirements to design the best solution to meet their needs. this involves coverage and antenna site selection, interference analysis, design of system architecture, equipment selection, proposal generation, and presentations of proposed solutions to customer.
assisted with research under dr eric nauman. focus was on biomechanics, at first helping with assistive devices. later, transitioned into performing studies on concussions. work was focused on data analysis from tests and creating data models that could predict impact location and intensity based on data collected. also helped design and assemble circuits to collect data.
leading a global simulation team to tune the engine calibration using just simulation which reduces efforts and dollars during truck testing and test cell testing. technical liaison between cummins and mathworks, to integrate new technology in cummins. created tooling and process to make engine software compatible with r one hundred and fifty-five industry standards. active member of static code analysis review board responsible for maintaining code quality. created and deployed ci pipelines on jenkins.
trained employees in the usage of openfpga and a novel physical design flow developed by the lnis lab at university of utah.
assessed workflow, took measurements, managed cost, and time constraints to meet deadlines. implemented dmaic, lean and six sigma principles with a bottleneck analysis to reduce line throughput time. designed batch process providing mass and energy balances with high performance cooling and packaging systems.
one. designed the shape and outline of electronic products, and conducted experiments to test quality. two. utilized software to simulate performance of products and analyzed experimental data.
assist lead engineers in the assembly and testing of mmic modules and rf slices. cooperate with assemblers, inspectors, and technicians to ensure that hardware moves forward smoothly. learn the complexity of the rf unit and dc control system to properly implement testing and troubleshooting. process and analyze data to ensure consistency between tests and that specifications are met
national ignition facility (nif) materials and radiation effects (mre), target diagnostics engineering & science (tdes), lawrence livermore national laboratory (llnl). lead group and customer meetings on project specifications as a lead electrical engineer for target diagnostics campaigns fielding nif laser shot experiments: coordination with stakeholders to ensure successful engineering deliverables and to manage electrical requirements with the mre group.
electronics engineer supporting the software and digital technologies department within the mission systems business unit. fpga development for infrared countermeasures (ircm) / advanced surveillance systems for military aircraft.
developed matlab and python scripts to perform verification and validation of dsp sensor subsystems simulated system response to varying stimuli and determined effects of performance degradation on system capability
i worked during eleven years in the wealth management arm of citi in mexico (calle banca patrimonial citibanamex) as office manager, i resigned from this job in order to pursue my ambition to return to the engineering field of knowledge and then mix it with my interest in finance.
drafted and presented proposal for component storage improvements aided in automation of void detection in lga packages performed performance analysis of potential machine purchases packaged small quantities of ics
worked as a geotechnical engineer in quality control. i worked with the army corps of engineers and the california department of water resources to ensure the quality of construction and repair in projects such as dams, bridges, and levees. i also worked as a project manager where i proposed and designed new projects with army corps of engineers. i was in charge of coordinating plans, and project details such as cost, deadline and engineering schedule.
designed the most effective way a front trunk (“frunk”) should open/close. gained a deep knowledge of troubleshooting and design work. collaborated with others to develop a successful front trunk using objective reasoning.
i'm a software engineer specializing in fpga development via the xilinx embedded design suite. i mainly design, write, and test programmable logic in vhdl on xilinx zynq seven thousand series fpgas. in addition i design, write, and test software driver code in c to interface with existing vhdl code. a lot of the work i've done involves integrating and debugging multiboard applications. i have some experience writing and testing matlab tlc to interface xilinx projects with matlab simulink models.
provided technical, programmatic, and systems engineering leadership to multiple cross functional teams of two twelve people in support of high precision optical display and electro optical sensor development programs. improved production yields on helmet mounted display products from near zero% to almost seventy% through detailed analysis and modeling of optical requirements and several optical performance issues to optimize error budget allocation. key contributor in achieving safety of flight test readin
maintained and repaired electronic systems on f eighteen aircraft. responsibilities include troubleshooting avionics, such as radar and navigation systems, performing diagnostics, and updating software to ensure operational readiness. this position requires precision, quick problem solving, and strict adherence to military standards, essential in high pressure aviation environments.
design, plan, and execute wind tunnel ground tests for force and moment applications of military aerospace vehicle programs
worked in an agile team to debug errors and create new features in the company’s mobile application for insurance clients. shadowed under a mentor to learn about new software development environments. collaborated with a large intern team to coordinate an all employee event in a virtual environment.
created solidworks models and assemblies for atf two, atf4, atf6 filtration systems using solidworks enterprise pdm, which are used for purifying and collecting products from cells in bioreactors. conducted pressure testing on various filtration systems conducted failure investigations
created a series of testbenches for a group of top level fpgas for a multi mode radar. each fpga had to have its own testbench that would later be used in a simulation for debugging and testing purposes. three additional top level fpgas were added throughout this project.
assisted with design and implementation of summer two thousand and eleven space robotics competition hosted on international space station developed zero robotics curriculum and other educational materials led winthrop team to win first place in summer two thousand and eleven zero robotics competition against teams mentored by other mit students
acting as the most senior electrical engineer in charge of an electrical system consisting of sixty+ substations, one hundred and twenty+ transformers, thousands of induction and synchronous motors from .five to 3000hp, hundreds of miles of cable, and assorted electrical equipment from 120v to 230kv.
documented and maintained engineering change orders, material specification, design requirement and requirement test plan using arena solutions, intelex, and ms office. provide on site engineering support abroad, directed two local qa engineers and negotiated on process and quality control improvements with factories. performed flammability, hydro static pressure (water resistance), colorfastness (light and crock), and vickers/rockwell hardness tests on material samples.
semiconductor integration
electrical engineering lead for the major projects department at marathon galveston bay refinery in texas city, tx.
in this role, i specifically work as a firmware developer in the industrial control division. primarily, this work experience has involved real time operating systems and developing and debugging c++ applications for motor control and protection devices. aside from this, the role consists of enhancing and creating algorithms using simulink as well as working in an agile team environment.
working on building a portable base station using softwar defined radios for communication in disaster struck areas.
assisted students with their study in the course of electrical systems, including test and quiz preparation, working through homework problems, and understanding the use of matlab/simulink.
as an operations engineer for ti founders labs, i support all business units operating within the labs. my primary focus is assisting in emi/c testing as the on site emc subject matter expert. some of my other focuses include reducing overall cost within the labs to enable more capital for business purposes, developing training for our highly utilized assets, tracking usage throughout all lab spaces, and finally supporting lab owners and lab users from an engineering perspective.
calibration, installation and maintenance of medical devices
led a team of fifteen to twenty team members to improve operational efficiency and improve daily profits by over twenty-five%. used forecasting techniques and data analysis to anticipate customer and store needs. demonstrated expertise in problem solving and quality control, such as process optimization to drive results
product testing in the areas of energy (smart metering and grid management solutions). involving hardware (flashing and configuration) and setup on software application for electric meters (landis gyr, ge, itron, honeywell), gas meter, water meter, gateway, network bridge, distributed automation (capacitor control, street light and load control switch). coordinate with onsite / offshore support team in setting up the devices on the software applications.
i worked as the software integrator for developing and implementing the electronic stability program (esp) software for trucks and heavy vehicles. i also carried out the basic testing of final software on the car ecu hardware. later, also took up the topic of sensor signal processing, involving the data and signals from various sensors of the vehicle such as, pressure, inertial, steering angle and wheel speed. i also worked on the design and testing of software modules in autonomous driving.
vehicle cooling, thermal management, engine exhaust aftertreatment
provide daily support to professors and administrators on all computing systems within the engineering computing network (ecn) in the chemical engineering department as well as execution of projects to upgrade existing computing systems and enhance user experience. included full time employment for fifteen months.
verified vehicle uds protocol security access mode (0x27) calibrations for two,eighty-three diagnostics to ensure proper alignment of these diagnostic calibrations from requirements to implementation. developed a tool in microsoft excel to automate the calibration process of security diagnostics. automated data extraction for various company wide weekly reports using microsoft excel virtual basic, reducing management’s work by an average of two hours per report.
orchestrate the development & integration of variable valvetrain systems in automobiles for fuel economy and emissions benefit. conduct and coordinate (with design, and product validation teams) engineering calculations, analysis, and testing.
firestorm: currently working system development, hardware procurement, testing and integration of engineering units for a low power multi sensor system. kronos: worked with engineering lead and team on trade studies, hardware development, software integration, and testing of a prototype gps based precision timing subsystem. gnss monitoring and anomaly notification: developed, integrated, tested, and validated our hardware in the loop (hitl) lab simulator.
develop collateral in terms of code examples, application notes and user guides for development kits by cypress. provide broad market and customer support for cypress devices. testing and debug of proprietary software tools.
i aided in electrical tech oversight of subcontract, created pspice drawings, made analytical visuals in blender, reviewed schematics for errors, and analyzed complex electrical systems.
i worked as an intern. we worked on the electrical and combat systems in the cg class destroyers.
product development from concept generation to high capacity production including parts and system design, testing and quality.
assisted in preparing electrical engineering laboratory experiments. maintain equipment and supplies, organized inventory of the instruments. fellow up with the students tutorials. helping with examinations preparations by printing and organizing them.
general motors tcp tcu and bmw telematics control unit software validation.
analyzed images with specialized software to characterize the performance of specific zebra printers against competitive printers. managed individual projects while assisting full time engineers as needed. presented my findings to the engineering department and department vice presidents at a quarterly meeting.
analyzed both internal and external customer workloads to characterize worst case scenario thermal design power (tdp). characterized cpu performance by looking at ipc, power trends and temperature graphs.
in this position i was responsible of technical leading of the service team, including the training and writing the s.o.ps. i was chosen to build automated acoustic calibration system for 01db products and test and calibrate the smart sound and vibration system according to iec sixty-one thousand, six hundred and seventy-two three standard. the training was performed in france, and the system successfully built and nata approved in melbourne.
support execution of aerospace testing operations and verify and validate aerodynamic test data lead and support special projects to improve wind tunnel testing operations and efficiency develop, maintain, and document new electrical and controls systems to upgrade legacy technology
fpga verification engineer for modem, power amplifier, and rf front end fpga designs for advanced software defined radios.
interface/feature development and verification develop tools to analyze big data for trends and anomalies troubleshoot/improve engineering software release content to develop a matured feature set resolve urgent and/or complex software integration issues communicate status reports to relevant teams
executed acceptance test procedures on global hawk unmanned aircraft such as hydraulics and landing gear, flight control systems, and communications . documented variances to test plans when necessary to improve or clarify test procedures and incorporated them into revisions performed troubleshooting as necessary to resolve testing discrepancies.
rotated into multiple assignments including rear drive modules (systems), differential engineering, and actuation integration (controls, software, and hardware). utilized matlab to analyze post test data for quantitative analysis. authored dv & pv test specs to accurately test requirements as listed in ibm doors.
generated thirteen qualified leads in six african countries by interfacing with ctos and presenting the company’s b2b solutions in datacenter maintenance and hardware refurbishment through e mail campaigns and cold calling in english, arabic, and french. participated in eighteen conference calls with potential leads and assisted inside sales team in showcasing the company's business offerings through microsoft powerpoint presentations.
implemented matlab scripts to segment images, created mosaic stitching to assist railroad companies to determine degradation of railway track rocks and farmers in indian to prevent agricultural fraud implemented bilateral filtering, watershed techniques, and convolutional neural networks in matlab researched and tested multiple software for the best data management method collected huge data samples for testing
carried out the design, procurement, and deployment of telecommunications systems and it for healthcare construction projects around the country.
responsible for the design, testing, start up, and commissioning of the electrical aspects of fixed series capacitors, static var compensation (svc), and synchronous condenser solutions within ge's flexible ac transmission systems (facts) portfolio.
analyzed and designed wireless software system and wrote the core code for it in order to research and develop an education software based on ios system and android systems; configured the server runtime environment, developed and designed server side code; collaborated with a technical team to develop a network platform for interactive service among teachers, parents and students, in addition to validating this platform and writing data analysis reports
i work in the collider accelerator department within the rf group. i troubleshoot rf hardware and larger low level rf systems.
collaborated with teams in the software development of the installation quality assurance automated tools created structured process and aided in the setup for european standard aftertreatment validation resources developed software function changes to component logic worked as a subject matter expert for controls on driver warning system mapping and inducement processes
analyze software designs/requirements for feasibility and technical soundness. develop performance benchmarking measurements. provide technical assessments on software integration/implementation. recommend best practice/processes/methodologies. perform system architecture design, risk assessment, security control selection, implementation, and test planning. oversee architecture and implementation recommendation for data service. system administration. document maintenance and accreditation.
worked with plant personnel, suppliers, and logistics companies for just in time delivery of parts in manufacturing environment reviewed information from design team and handled change management
i was responsible for developing machine learning back end framework, which took in live data from machines i.e sensor signals and data, and predicting machine failure in various measures.
underwent a two year training program to become a qualified aviator. our program of study focused on three key areas: navigation, weapons systems, and electronic warfare.
over see regional managers and managers remotely and make sure the strategic plans and objectives and goals are being met and strategize if not and meet weekly for meetings.
modified aws ecs micro service responsible for handling payments to prime video to send a notification to the alexa mobile app when a purchase is attempted with a missing/invalid payment method. modified micro services’ cloudformation infrastructure code to provision kms keys and modify iam role permissions to enable communication with the alexa mobile app team’s micro service. wrote unit tests using mockito and integration tests to ensure new feature worked before deploying to production
facilitated in teaching fundamental concepts of digital logic design and its applications through assisting in the labs held lab hours to help students with difficult concepts and to assist with debugging hardware builds graded lab assignments, quizzes, exams, as well as in class participation assignments
held drop in physics help sessions for physics courses in wpi’s academic resources center 3x/week for groups of up to thirty students held various ta and lab assistant positions for wpi’s dept. of physics (extra help + grading)
one) electrical safety test engineer at underwriters laboratories. two) l1 competency for safety certification testing of medical electrical equipment in accordance with iec sixty thousand, six hundred and one. three) risk assessment, risk management for medical devices as part of iso fourteen thousand, nine hundred and seventy-one. four)emi/emc testing for medical electrical equipment: radiated and conducted emissions, immunity, harmonics. five)testing & evaluation of various radiological devices from skanray, ge healthcare and seimens.
technologist for cyber physical system research and development.
at mti i was the lead software engineer responsible for the data collection systems, plant floor inspection, shipping and inventory software, and databases. i lead the team in creating architectures, taking in software change requests, and managing the prioritization of the tasking. i led the full life cycle of these systems and worked to improve their efficiency, maintainability, and sustainability.
responsible for company's overall technological vision, interests, and strategies, including technology support, development, and partnerships; introduced and implemented new technology and architecture, including speech recognition, mobile applications and other pertinent software for automation; responsible for all technology security audits and reviews. (reference resume portfolio for more details)
lab test, troubleshoot, and repair, printed circuit assemblies that have failed either under test or in the field. work across departments to ensure that electrical hardware changes are accounted for in the final product. review electrical schematics and make corrections as needed and update in windchill.
here at shadow caster, we specialize in the design and manufacture of a complete range of innovative marine led lighting products, marine led lighting controls, and marine led lighting accessories for your boat or yacht.
helped owner prepare forensic economics reports (formatting, spreadsheets, graphs). worked with team member as business brokers. worked as subcontractor to dataquest market researchers.
hired as sme to bring structure and focus to failing new product introduction (npi) program of corolla two thousand and twenty ($20m portfolio) built cross functional teams consisting of internal and external suppliers to reduce lead times by forty% and costs by sixty-four% to bring critical projects on time and within budget acted on behalf of engineering manager to update stakeholders, gather consensus, and implement revised plan iteratively
generates specifications for all new custom component parts coordinates failure analysis and corrective activities on component parts assists design engineers in the selection of parts that best fit their requirements
designed, implemented, and deployed a high speed algorithmic trading system in python that acted as a liquidity provider for the stablecoins usdt and dai. my software profitably executed over seven,zero,zero trades.
develop pcbs with both analog and digital electronics. position concentrates on amplification of low frequency, low noise analog signals for sensor applications develop low emi buck switching regulator implementations to provide for an efficient, low noise power supply solution program software and firmware using a variety of languages, such as, python, c/c++, java, vhdl
helped students understand fundamental concepts related to circuit theory and answered questions over the course material in preparation for exams. graded homework and lab assignments and provided constructive feedback on students' work for improvement.
worked with the engineering team to develop applications in windows powershell to automate processes such as sccm software update deployment and virtual machine host migration.
conducted design of experiments to maximize pull off forces and recommended design changes to reduce warranty. developed a temperature distribution analysis of an air induction system and compared results to cfd.
one. training involving the observation and learning about the functioning of the indian power grid with regards to the different departments such as system operation, system studies, reliability, protection, market operation and the different technologies in operation such as scada and pmu. two. basics of modelling with power systems using pss®e, used in the industry for load flow analysis. modelled the local substation and its surrounding features.
lead project from collecting requirements, scope definition and planning through implementation and final delivery to a customer lead design of a system for controlled hydrogen releases from a fuel and transport it safely to fuel cell; work with mechanical engineering, chemistry and automation (software and hardware) teams technical lead the integration process of mechanics, automation materials and chemistry responsibly for handling work plans and system action plans, preparing gantt
ten week internship at weg transformers inc. learned about transformer design and the manufacturing process. worked on many tasks for a well rounded experience. drafted transformer stack core designs using autocad to create a manual of standardized designs. automated an excel calculator to simplify comparison of dimensions between in house and outsourced stack cores. examined transformer tank testing data and performed root cause analysis of tank failures using ieee standards.
voltage optimization (two months): created bellwether meters in software osi and calculated energy savings from implementing devices, like capacitor banks, in the field (saved one hundred and seventy-five,zero mwh) relay and protection (two months): designed step down transformers for substations and learned to program sel relays
created print quality defect book for color laser jet printers. learned the basic principles of color laser jet printers. investigated the cause of “magenta blush” defect.
patent prosecution, infringement analysis, and other patent related matters in ee, me, cs, it, and semiconductor fields
fix and maintain mv and lv power distribution equipment.
the interface of the kinect camera with the computer for the interaction with human gestures and touches. the project involved in making the projection of the screen using the projector and using the human gestures and touch on the projection to control the computer the system was devised to recognize the gesture by setting a minimum threshold using the camera and training the system.
perform tests, modifications, improvements, and repairs for rugged and complex rf systems. characterize and conduct performance analysis on rf components including allan deviation testing, s parameter characterization, p1db plotting, and signal polarization verification develop and integrate innovative solutions to complex hardware and software engineering problems. program a custom electronics control module to control and monitor polarity, fan speed, temperature, and amplifier power
assist r&d staff with concentrating solar power (csp) liquid phase technologies for the generation of electricity and fuels at the national solar thermal test facility. research, design, program, model and simulate ganged pv systems and sodium test loops. research and obtain technical specifications on pumps and valves used to test for csp. research and analyze heat transfer/thermodynamics, fluid mechanics, co2 brayton/rankine cycle systems, csp, and high temperature materials.
responsible for creating collaborations between rca and other student organizations to improve the residential experience on campus. address issues residents have with housing policy and draft new proposals to create or amend policy worked with executive board to oversee spending of $one hundred and forty,zero yearly budget
in a contracting and consulting capacity, built and manage fitness challenge performance model; manage and lead coach team research and develop (conceptually or actually) assistive technology (reference resume portfolio for more details)
· programmed control software to streamline test procedure by automating actuator hardware motion control and data acquisition for pirana (pyroelectric instrument for rock analysis) · reduced test procedure complexity and improved data accuracy, reducing test setup time in half
o schedule testing (in house or with test house) and constant monitoring of test status/data o reporting on testing, interpreting results, then produce full report submitted to customer for proof of compliance o updating internal valeo customer (systems or quality team) on issues, and looking into errors in the testing (i.e. heat issues, cross section issues, dtc codes, hardware failure analysis).
responsible for strategic/new product development
collaboration project with ford motor company to design and produce a self balancing robot that can simulate pedestrian like behavior.
one. learned about the existing technologies used in the communication systems. two. detailed study about concepts like multiplexing techniques,signalling, fibre optics, mobile communications, intelligent network, etc. three. got the insights of the various advancements taking place in the telecom industry. four. field visit to the bsnl telephone exchange, optical fibre cables and systems & installations.
leading a new team created to understand new opportunities in hydrogen technologies and develop strategic partnerships for future product development in high power grid rectifiers, variable speed drives, heavy duty electric vehicle power trains, and waste heat recovery. also responsible for strategy development in emerging decarbonization technologies including electromechanical linear actuators, steam heat pumps, and high efficiency reverse osmosis water purification systems.
power lift gate, amplifier, speakers, sdm (sensing and diagnostic module airbag control). electronic design, emc, testing, warranty, can communication.
assisting in failure mode and failure report processes for various b fifty-two, c32/forty, and awacs planes assisting in product design and development for the aerospace industry accruing extensive experience in aircraft systems including radar, flight controls, and gps maximizing team efficiency by automating complex system processes
participated in a five session cooperative education program with fca (now known as stellantis) while at purdue. during my rotations i have done the following: validated safety features in 1st generation autonomous development vehicles, analyzed and collected vehicle canalyzer data to help development of new brake module, created test cases through matlab to verify functionality of software modules, and more.
was a resident assistant at harrison hall for two years and then the residence education assistant at harrison supervising a staff of sixteen resident assistants.
engineer and design new products from initial planning to production. provide and perform engineering assistance for field service problems. perform inspections on vehicle components and assemblies. prepare preliminary and detailed design drawings using autocad and solid edge. participate in engineering projects and engineering meetings. assist in the investigation and analysis of new material and engineering practices.
improve, customize, and implement production software and databases (using c, c++, sql) develop auxiliary tools using angular and visual c++ to receive, analyze, and present production metrics manage, maintain, and configure production servers and clients
performed a variety of duties in the electronic, mechanical, electromechanical, and optical areas to assist with f twenty-two and f thirty-five production, maintenance, and sustainment efforts. worked on system to component level diagnostics including digital, rf, and fiber optic signals to troubleshoot, determine cause of failure, and order repairs to correct damaged test stations and cni (communication navigation identification) modules returned from the field.
designed analog integrated circuits.(ex :driver opamp, gama opamp, repair opamp, dac, bandgap) analyzed products(ex :mass production analysis, process analysis, problem analysis).
configure and install routers, switches, voice gateways, servers, and wireless access points. assist network engineers with the design and implementation of network hardware/software upgrades create and revise ladwp facility network cad diagrams on micro station. procurement of network hardware through an existing contract using a request for material service.
led intern team in developing hardware and software to increase environmental lab testing capabilities designed, set up, and performed tests on electrical components in accordance with mil standards designed printed circuit boards (pcbs) using eagle to significantly reduce component test time and improve technician ergonomics
this was my first internship during college after my freshman year. i had the opportunity to work at ir and i was involved with the buck converter group. my role comprised of validating the product in the lab and carry out characterization of the temperature vs current output. this was my first hands on experience in a professional setting and i was fortunate to learn a great amount about lab safety and etiquette along with seeing concepts that i studied being applied daily.
help pre academic students with mathematics and physics classes
i was the sole electrical engineer for this start up based in nyc, while i worked remotely out of nashville. i helped write proposals, conduct trade studies, handle task management, and did board design in altium. i also did bare metal programming on the versal fpga and did vhdl programming.
i managed investment property portfolios for the firm's clients and managed a team of real estate agents.
assist in the execution and coordination of the reception, integration, medical, and graduation operational teams for the largest training operation in the us army (rotc bolc a).
one.made the security router interact with designator computers and entered the original ip address of the router and then configured them through the application of serial two.obtained the ip addresses of server’s peripheral units and units of external network via linux interface; applied ping to test the connection between the intranet and the extranet three.created a port mapping between the intranet and the extranet of enabling the extranet to transmit information to intranet
create and design electrical plans for demolition and upgrade of incoming electrical services for construction of water district facilities throughout long island. design lighting, carbon dioxide, smoke detector, and security plans for commercial buildings following codes and regulations. design power, control, cable, and conduit for electrical, hvac, and mechanical equipment. perform load analysis summaries to calculate maximum loads based on equipment demand factors and operational power.
systems engineer for columbia class propulsion drive system. reviewed technical reports and data and determined their technical adequacy. created and presented solutions to system non conformances to the customer community (navsea, naval reactors, naval nuclear lab). served as lead on numerous projects including re design of metallized film capacitor for use in the drive's inverter. also led groups of up to nine engineers on various tasks
actively contribute to goodyear’s globalized benchmarking of steel cords fatigue resistance perform fatigue testing on twelve twenty-four samples to benchmark fatigue resistance for various steel cords evaluate and reactivate goodyear’s creep tester so research can use the equipment to evaluate and test sustainable bio fiber’s long term reaction to continuous strain perform creep testing on sixteen twenty-four sample cords a week to troubleshoot and benchmark build, cure, test, and analyze five sample sets to aid i
electrical design engineer. i designed and tested mixed signal boards to be integrated into the maps system. the maps system utilizes multiple sensors such as gps receivers, iridium receivers, speed sensors, etc. to ensure that enemy attempts to jam or spoof gps signals are not effective.
my role as an intern was to understand the flow, tools, methodologies and automate the processes for smoother execution of the projects. i worked correlating soc vs block level timing and developed a tool for the same.
testing of circuit breakers, magnetic contactors, proximity and photo sensors, flame detectors, liquid level switches, timers and programming of temperature controllers. understanding customer requirements and providing them with products according to specifications. meeting customer timelines for delivering products to them. helped in imports by looking for lowest prices online and forwarding the quotations from companies to the importer. updated stock list daily to keep record.
perform distribution and transmission system impact studies for utilities like central maine power (cmp), united illumination (ui), new york power authority (nypa), new york state electric and gas corporation (nyseg). utilize various standards and codes.
i'm part of the enterprise grade ssd team. i have worked on optimizing flash translation layer algorithms like garbage collection, data integrity recycling, logical block address translation, wear leveling, internal file system and metadata persistence across power cycles. recently, i have started working on non volatile memory express (nvme) protocol features like controller block memory (cmb), persistence memory region (pmr), single root io virtualization (sr iov) and zoned namespace (zns)
i was the leader of the aerodynamics & recovery team and also involved in technical developments: development and validation of a six degrees of freedom stochastic numeric rocket flight simulator. development of a recovery system with airbrakes and reignition of the engine. as chief aerodynamics and recovery, my roles ranged from cfd studies and flow analysis to managing day to day operations as well as ensuring the completion of long term goals within the team.
responsible for evaluating the accuracy of student’s responses on tests, quizzes, and homework for an engineering probability course. as of fall two thousand and eighteen, senior grader, supervised and organized three undergraduate graders for seventy-five students.
f thirty-five phm (prognostics and health management) capability integration responsible for system maturation and on board health management of f thirty-five electro optical and navigation systems through data analysis and authoring/fielding of diagnostics and prognostics hardware/software solutions participation in engineering design and review for fielding of next generation sensors
directed the strategic planning for in house software development and external software integration, developing software architecture to serve business goals recruited technical team members with a greater than ninety-five% retention rate resolved stalled software development–finalizing one project within the first month engineered a brand new api for integrating an external vendor with internal sales processes advocated for my team and business critical projects while navigating leadership pol
supported current engineers by validating and prototyping various digital and analog, high fidelity circuits. worked with many tools such as an audio precision audio analyzer, oscilloscopes, dc loads, function generators, and a stanford research sr1 to produce data such as fft, jitter, power rail ripple, current, power, thd, snr, and dnr measurements on the circuits in question.
infotainment system (radio (am/fm/dab/hd/sxm), audio ) requirements development, calibrations development, quality and warranty data analytics, regulatory requirements, black belt six sigma.
as a software engineer i'm assigned a variety of development and commercial work involving android os. i'm a part of an action team on artificial intelligence and machine learning, where we brainstorm on creative solutions and ideas for samsung devices and services. i also worked on multiple projects like object detection using the yolo algorithm, face recognition, trigger word detection independently alongside. currently i'm working on project of neural machine translation.
as the engineering intern on the power side of marathonnorco, i worked extensively with the automation of testing instruments. i was given tasks and projects where i had to learn on the go and present weekly updates on my progress and shortcomings.
responsible for rf device parameter extraction
worked to improve manufacturing processes and increase production efficiency; increased overall production efficiency of flooring area by twenty-five% in fast paced production setting. hands on experience in areas of metal fabrication, production and packaging, product assembly, and material handling; learned to operate various roll forming control systems, cnc machinery, and equipment: grain bin roof, sidewall, floor, trim, and ladder rail roll formers; metal punches, presses, and benders; and coil car.
as a ml/cybersecurity research assistant i studied under mathematics professors to understand different machine learning algorithms
designing and verifying the verilog for fpgas. integration of the developed firmware on the target hardware with other system components and software. writing supporting design documentation.
one. teaching assistant for cse one hundred and eleven (introduction to quantitative analysis and reasoning with computing) at university at buffalo. two. held office hours, lab sessions and review sessions for students throughout the semester and oversaw grading of projects.
hash one is a cryptocurrency mining company. i worked as an engineer and was responsible for designing mining operations for our clients. we would help select, deploy and maintain mining equipment, as well conduct research on new mining technology. we worked both with asic and gpu hardware to support different blockchains.
researched usability of and architectures for public certificates in the context of client authentication. found critical security vulnerability in project architecture. added new functionality to a server with a code base over half a million lines long.
implemented autonomous production line control systems capable of high level sensor integration and dynamic data driven process adjustments.
part of sta sign off team. my work involves analyzing subsystems right from floorplan to eco through placement, cts, routing and post route stage for timing criticality and closure. my work also involves automating various process to improve the execution quality.
participated in a student project with technical museum of slovenia, department of museum post and telecommunications where we prepared experiments to demonstrate development of fiber optic communications.
work on hardware for boeing.
operate industrial sized mixers to produce three hundred six hundred lbs. of product every ten fifteen minutes troubleshoot equipment to ensure that mixers, hoppers, and conveyor belts operate properly monitor autonomous baking procedures to prevent stalls of production that could last zero four hours demonstrate attention to detail to ensure the quality of product is up to consumer standards
worked as a graduate teaching assistant for ee three hundred and fifty-one electronic circuits (third year undergraduate) and ee one hundred and eighteen engineering measurements (1st year undergraduate) courses in electrical and electronics engineering department the duties included designing lab reading materials, conducting lab experiments, grading lab reports and helping undergraduate students with completing the lab experiments on a timely manner
reinforced concepts involved in analyzing and designing single and multistage electronic circuits using fets, bjts, and op amps assisted over one hundred students with the use of electrical lab equipment and components participated in the marking of exams and lab assignments
experienced in digital communication systems, i specialize in designing algorithms that enhance signal processing and system optimization. my expertise includes drafting and reviewing technical documents for wireless systems, ensuring industry standard compliance. i have led testing procedures for communication devices, emphasizing accuracy and adherence to standards. my contributions in developing specialized software for communication testing have significantly improved device performance and
one.learnt tcp, ip, http and webservice protocol, java, eclipse and mysql two.participated in part of the programming work for the development program of a new office automated (oa) system three.tested and debugged the oa system; reported the bugs to team leader
design or modify electrical/electronic engineering assemblies, layouts/schematics and/or detailed drawings/specifications of difficult scope highly experienced in designing of electrical circuits, bom preparation, control panel and cable harnesses technically lead and/or executes engineering projects
i am unofficially serving as a test engineer within my department: creating electronic tests, collecting data, troubleshooting circuits, and reporting my findings to my team.
assisting students with their coursework and answering questions related to school or engineering
programmed and read field programmable gate arrays (fpga) data to accurately simulate mk three hundred and forty-one missile for launcher testing. developed system engineering requirements for communication signals between mk three hundred and forty-one missile simulator and gps unit.
develop highly concurrent, real time systems (c++eleven) for a linux environment to implement systems for asvs overhaul underlying networking platform from tcp/udp to industry standard dds, including support for all major dds library providers develop high level autonomy behaviors and path planning for vessels help lead and manage a team of junior engineers and interns
designed and implemented a touchgfx gui application on a stm32 processor according to customer requirements and implemented the software for board bring up of the lcd touch screen for a class b medical device. managed a small team of software engineers on a ti msp432 for iec sixty-two thousand, three hundred and four gap closure for a class c medical device. extensively investigated various commercial rtos solutions for safety critical systems.
oversaw and guided long term projects to major milestones, mitigated risks and fostered the implementation of opportunities to allow development teams to succeed.
provided drfm functionality for advanced radar testing using petalinux tools designed, developed, and implemented software for engineers including fpga driver, rerouting/assigning pins, or customizing an ip that meets tester’s software requirement designed various emulators for unique fpga design to reduce debugging process time between an embedded system team member and a test engineer created an interface that can automate the process of using a saleae logic analyzer
led store donations by raising $two hundred and forty-eight trained new cashiers on how to properly execute special operations
proposed torque and angle control limits to proactively catch potential failures using 6s techniques improved effectiveness of process quality audits and led corrective actions based on customer complaints updated and created gauging standard work to improve repeatability and reduce downtime generated rundown limits to improve right first time from eighty-eight% to ninety-four% while accurately detecting cocked v bands
interface with customers. gather and document requirements. provide subject matter expertise in time management to team of software engineers, system engineers, system administrators, and project managers. provide documentation for software accreditation. represent project management functions and processes during technical exchanges with customer. assist site customer and other on site engineers in system problem diagnosis and troubleshooting, writing discrepancy reports, and recommending fixes
created hardware test plan for wearable electronic prototypes at both the circuit and assembled unit level collaborate in cross disciplinary teams to iterate through new circuit and mechanical designs develop scripts in python, c, and max/msp to gather and analyze data for test equipment automation modify firmware on arm microcontrollers through prototype iterations of various embedded systems lead the circuit and software design of various testing apparatuses for mechanical deformation
in this role, my responsibilities are as follows: provide strategic direction and leadership for product qualifications use potential problem analysis techniques and work with design and applications engineers to identify and resolve product and technology reliability risks define qualification plans based on product function, application, design, and associated risks lead or participate in problem resolution teams for complex technical issues
escape communications produces wireless communication solutions for the military and commercial purposes. i am part of the hardware team and mainly in charge of the design work for new projects. it starts with concept and creating visio diagrams. after this stage, i design the schematic and the layout on a system level for the board using mentor graphics pads. after the design is done, i am also tasked with validating that everything works to spec. i also work with the firmware team with fpgas.
sole controls engineer in the falcon nine recovery department. our team was responsible for ensuring successful landing and recovery of the falcon nine vehicle and fairings. i was assigned as the responsible engineer for the autonomous droneship propulsion system, remote tow winch, communications, and nav systems. predominately an operations and maintenance role, but with ample opportunity for hardware design and upgrades. maintained over 20x siemens s7 one thousand, five hundred plcs, 50x g120 vfds, and 80x dcm drives.
responsible for rf spice modeling, semiconductor device simulation and measurement
developed automated tests and performed electronics design for custom client projects
management of a global support team and report to the global support manager. assigns work to engineering supervisors and other direct reports.
ran tests and troubleshooted various circuit boards. inspected silicon wafers.
served as engineering project manager for the redesign of our terminal tractor cab, working with a cross functional team to develop cost effective, quality solutions to satisfy the requirements within the set schedule simultaneously served as engineering project manager for the integration of an alternatively fueled engine, power solutions international eight.8l, into our chassis both of these required interfacing with the design/drafting team to produce component and assembly drawings for our manuf
i am member of ad algorithms team at mentor's automotive business unit division.my work involves learning, building machine learning and deep learning models for perception task for autonomous driving. i develop, implement deep cnn's for perception tasks like semantic segmentation and object detection.
troubleshot designs via testing and collaboration with engineers for a current prototype electric truck refrigeration unit researched specification documents of inverters to find possible off the shelf solutions generated a test plan to evaluate performance of off the shelf inverters to fit our application communicated with test engineers to formalize relevant information prior to experiments...
i work in an advanced technology r&d department, largely focused on advanced military radio communications.
(nov two thousand and fourteen jul two thousand and twenty) integration and analysis of advanced weapon systems and datalink systems on the navy f/a eighteen super hornet aircraft. development of technical requirements, algorithms, and electrical interfaces for these systems. this includes verification and test of their implementation. (jul two thousand and twenty present) product manager for f/a eighteen weapons development. leading and directing technical work for multiple weapon engineering teams under my direction.
as a research and development co op, i designed and tested a system for detecting and measuring the stress levels of remotely piloted aircraft pilots.
> built and tested pcb boards for oems such as honda, gm, ford, and bmw. > constructed official work standards & procedures. > trained operators on assembling, testing, and collecting data on the units. > interpreted engineering drawings to build newly designed honda parts. > worked with a new product launch team for fabricating and assembling pcbs for electrical modules.
greeting guests and provide them with a positive first impression about iupui. working well under pressure and maintaining pleasant personality when communicating with the public.
assist quality manager with the day to day needs of running a motor assembly plant's quality system. responsibilities include but are not limited to: managing customer and supplier complaints on faulty components and completed assemblies respectively. working with production to identify quality risks and recurrences in processes and products. reporting plant quality data to management and communicating scrap causes to push for additional improvement projects root cause analysis of issues
developed firewing, a machine learning project using tensorflow in python, built a knowledge graph model trained by a set of sentences to predict the missing part according to the incomplete input sentences. tested the performance of the program and achieved an average prediction accuracy of seventy%. presented the development report of firewing to the team and proposed future development plans
my responsibilities were to assist journeyman electricians in the assembly and wiring of industrial control panels. i also shadowed senior electrical engineers on their testing and programming of new control panels and assisted them during their field service work. furthermore, i was introduced and exposed to autocad, programable logic controllers, operator interface touchscreens, and the programming of variable speed drives. full time internship during the summer of two thousand and twenty, seasonal help since.
in this internship, i worked with a full time employee to troubleshoot layer issues, make equipment and chemical changes, and give weekly presentations of results. i also received semiconductor and mechatronics training. this job was fifty% office based, and fifty% clean room based.
develop pcbs with analog and digital electronics. developed an adapter pcb to connect a drs lwir camera and pleora frame grabber designed an analog video processing board that digitizes a rs one hundred and seventy video input so that the video feed can be manipulated/processed via a xilinx fpga. created a pcb that employed two buck switching regulators to step down a twenty-six.zero vdc input into two five.zero vdc and twelve.zero vdc rails. created test cable designs and test cables
capstone design project sponsored by raven industries. worked in a team of three undergraduates students to develop a pcb from concept to assembly.
i complete circuit level and device level layout for mask production od semiconductors.
i worked as an intern testing multiple ultrasonic sensors used on a emergency break system for an autonomous driving robot. i programed a microcontroller to coordinate two sensors while acquiring their readings. the code/system put together was ultimately implemented on the platform as part of the e break.
as a member of the nasa academy for aeronautics, i conducted a research project in the aeromechanics branch of nasa ames. i investigated safety implications of vertical take off and landing (vtol) unmanned aerial vehicles approaching the faa commercial use limit of 25kg. i analyzed outwash, tip speed, and acoustics of conceptual vtol vehicle designs primarily using rotcfd, a program designed to simulate rotorcraft fluid dynamics.
· completed a feasibility analysis on the installation of a cogeneration plant by examining hourly data, utility rates, and equipment to reduce yearly site costs by $18mil a year · proposed a new device module for syringe/vial system, and analyzed the required design, development, and manufacturing steps to assist unmet customer needs. · identified optimal conveyor buffer capacities and configurations for trulicity high speed packaging lines through modeling software.
leading the development of a next generation solid state relay (ssr) module as a cognizant engineer working on developing technical specifications, while coordinating design efforts with a supplier performing emi susceptibility testing for current generation ssr modules
rapid prototype development engineer supporting the united states army ground vehicle systems center. projects spanned variety of domain areas including development of ground vehicle simulator with automotive/military hardware in the loop, motion base platform simulator cab for degraded visual environment study, technical lead for interoperability for autonomous truck convoy program (autonomous ground resupply, agr), model based systems engineering lead for agr, test director for agr.
worked as a process engineer improving the way r&d randoms where designed and made. after working for eight months, i was put in charge of a government contract and led a team of eight.
i acted as a primary point of contact for houston teams in support of the comcast brand launch including billing, engineering, and cpe roles. i had responsibility for the local addressability team during development and execution of vod transition and content security projects, as well as numerous channel launches.
i worked with aircraft technicians on a test article made primarily of composites. performed layup, bagging, and curing process of composites to aid the team in production. briefly joined the manufacturing engineering team where i created a status sheet so the team could better understand their workload and stay more organized. the sheet displayed what work has been completed, what work is in progress, and what work still needs to be completed.
utilized autocad for plant drawings
embedded software engineer for ultracruise and supercruise mapping teams.
as a network administrator, i am in charge of the management and maintenance of the network and servers of khavaran higher education institute.
part time job during school break periods. large part tool and die machinist. cnc and manual machine technician. repair electrical and mechanical parts of machinery and equipment.
develop system engineering, software engineering, system integration, or distributed system architectures. collaborate with engineers or software developers to select appropriate design solutions or ensure the compatibility of system components. support validation teams in developing component and system level test plans to meet product requirements. understand and debug hardware and software interactions during design, launch, and deployment of products or features.
project manager for helicoil automation project engineer responsible for aluminum test & assembly, heat treat, artificial age, hardness testing, and welding work centers initiate and complete ecns to update iso documentation, prints, and assembly instructions. create fixtures for technicians to improve safety while completing production. support 8d corrective action and quality related projects
i currently work as an engineering intern and assist the mechanical product engineering team at panelclaw inc. my duties involve designing testing systems, guis, and modules for the analysis of solar panel racking systems.
responsibilities included manual and automated testing of software. also included testing hardware devices and framing instructions for other testers on the team.
design, debug and test mobile device radio frequency circuits.
supported advanced development programs (skunk works) under combat avionics systems organization quantified and evaluated sensor performance against system requirements using matlab performed troubleshooting activities in software based simulation and hardware in the loop avionics integration lab facilities
developed high computation excel workbooks for simulation, utility rate calculation and project builders designed solar array layouts for feasible and correctly sized systems
worked with unix based image processor units and led modules. wrote test cases and other utility support code for hardware regression testing. used c# mostly
managed client calls made to find a contractor to complete late work orders and delivered information to the customer.
researched various materials within a system in order to determine which material would be the most cost and energy effective. assisted local companies in saving money and energy through research and written reports of the findings. assessed enterprises to improve their productivity and reduce their costs.
senior technician on electro mechanical systems responsible for expert technical support as a third party service provider to oems. preventative and corrective maintenance including radiation safety and compliance audits including radiation leak surveys. provide administrative data base input maintenance concerning all maintenance activities. solely responsible for twenty-four hour support for two category one international airports and two category four airports covering texas, new mexico, and colorado. trai
started as intern, eventually moved to full time programmer after eight months. worked primarily on the marines payroll system. web based front end and back end work.
summer and part time school year employment with a management consulting firm focused on quantitative analysis to establish market potential, optimize sales force sizing, and increase sales force productivity for fortune five hundred companies.
accomplished functional software development of cluster ecu for japanese oem. developed matlab models for estimation of fuel level, estimation of average fuel economy, prediction of drive to empty distance, warning display system and its priority handling and synchronization. converted legacy code for atcvt ecu into matlab models for auto code generation to maintain current automotive industry standards. fixed point and floating point matlab modeling.
technical lead and owner’s representative for thirty+ ergonomic equipment projects to assist humans to assemble vehicles managed up to twelve projects of up to $one.3m per project simultaneously gathered technical requirements, wrote bid specifications, and gained buy in from stakeholders to achieve one hundred% acceptance rate reduced implementation cost by up to ninety-five% by leading mechanical, pneumatic, software, and electrical design reviews
designed and developed circuit boards using texas instruments usb three.zero hub and pic microcontroller for 3d scanners programmed pic microcontroller for usb communication to control user interface assembled and tested prototype circuit boards in office; sourced small batch manufacturing for final design
topic: hormonal and transcriptional responses of wheat roots to water deficit stress set up wheat system from scratch, bringing in my own seed, cultivating stocks. developing assays, building software for data collection and anlysis in r and python. designed and built custom root phenotyping robot to capture images of growing roots under controlled conditions (no exposure to non green light, temp controlled). image analysis of root images to extract meaningful information and display results.
i am working for texas instruments as a digital design engineer in the ethernet team. i am actualizing the rtl for clause ninety-eight and clause one hundred and forty-six in the ieee eight hundred and two.3cg standard. these include auto negotiation, physical coding sublayer, and phy control state machines. i have recently received a silver recognition award from the ti global recognition committee.
the cia is the premier intelligence agency of the united states and collects and analyzes intelligence to inform u.s. policymakers. i worked at the cia as a full time cooperative education student, alternating between three month long academic semesters and cooperative education semesters, for the duration of my undergraduate program.
collaborated with four other interns to develop and optimize photolithography procedures for s1805, s1813, r nine photoresists, resulting in new recommended procedures for cleanroom users mentored group of fifteen middle and high school students in vinse cleanroom in soft lithography techniques to create simple microfluidic devices in one week assisted in dismantling and reinstalling cleanroom equipment, including vacuum pumps, angstrom deposition chamber, and trion chlorine rie
generated the first ever spectrogram of cardiac signals using real quantum devices. manage the projects and training for two interns throughout summer two thousand and twenty-four. perform experiments utilizing $fifty,zero in research credit provided by microsoft for use in quantum platforms.
assisted professor and students in the circuit analysis lecture provided a direct tutor line for students who sought additional assistance updated students' assignment grade.
responsible for electrical inspections of new installations and remodel. do field certification of unlisted equipment for scientific installations. teach nfpa seventy & 70e courses for on campus electrical personnel.
i conducted an annual system cable health assessment that prioritizes and drives all cable replacements. i created and updated instructions for overhead linemen to install and troubleshoot new triple single reclosers. i investigated errors for all one hundred and thirty-one automatic pole top switches in a region to ensure grid reliability and responsiveness.
active reservist, attending regular training exercises, maintaining certifications/skills, and serving as a model/mentor for members of my team of six. maintained personnel records utilizing various data systems while ensuring continuous compliance with all regulations on record management. maintained and operated various equipment to include radios, encryption devices, electronic jammers, satellite communication devices, and large scale printers
my 3rd internship was at infineon with the audio applications group. this was my first exposure to class d amplifiers which lined up well with a majority of my coursework during junior year was about semiconductors and their applications. my role was to collect and analyze data for the new ir53xx product line. the testing including thd+n data along with seeing emi performance under different setups. while in lab, i also got to hone my lab skills such as using oscilloscopes and soldering irons.
solved challenges in current control system, electromechanical and software, using hil and sil models using c and c++ performed rapid prototyping, acceptance testing, and design of custom pcb boards – e.g. rgb boards reverse engineered current game engine from a closed linux os and ported it to open source arch and debian distributions o included step by step detailed documentation for future developers and engineers
designed a single degree of freedom test bed to support the mars sample retrieval lander for the mars sample return mission. used 3d modeling software and sketch tools to demonstrate ideas and document test bed apparatus assembly and analysis.
test engineer, july two thousand and twenty-three present developed automated test equipment pcb interface boards to test dc dc converters in cadence allegro. designed a test circuit to verify the specifications of an on chip inductor. implemented automated mixed signal semiconductor testing by writing c++ software to run on teradyne testers in an overseas production environment. designed pcbs for interfacing with lab bench equipment, enhancing efficiency in data collection
ta for mgt eighteen: managing diverse teams, a class focusing on successful leadership tactics in team settings ta for mgt one hundred and twenty-nine: personal communication, a class focusing on written and verbal communication skills in business aided in exam creation, correction as well as course material support in the classroom and office hours.
i was a system level engineering intern. my job was to test, analyze and determine overall effectiveness of the navy's version of the global hawk.
design and implementation of the dft architecture and methodology. scan insertion lead atpg lead on ai ml block
completed analog circuit level layout
lecturing computer literacy for 1st year engineering students in the engineering design & analysis course(since feb two thousand and nineteen) lecturing a programming course for 2nd year mining engineering students coordinating and teaching 2nd year electrical & information engineering software engineering summer school program (since dec’ eighteen – jan’nineteen)) acting adu director (winter breaks, since two thousand and eighteen). supervising the undergrad and postgrad faculty student support teams creating and maintaining student pr
i worked over two summers as a systems engineering integration and test intern as a member of the space systems team. i worked on a satellite payload by writing test scripts, performing data processing, and assisting in rfic testing.
design and developed vehicle and telemetry solutions. manage operation of two thousand installed vehicle tracking devices manage a team of three engineers and twelve persons in operations control production and quality management control procurement and resource management
managed and programmed over vehicle data recorders for over one thousand test vehicles. increased the efficiency by fifty% of our data filtering tool using python. designed cables connecting vehicles to the neovi fire two
focus on electric auvs for commercial and defense industry. main role of pcb designer, battery management designer, motor controller designer. large focus on power delivery and power usage in autonomous vehicles.
provided depot level engineering support to an air force program involving mobile satellite terminals.
embedded control systems design and support for highly configurable material handling vehicles; primary control engineer responsible for special product development for non standard client requests. helped designed the overall electromechanical control systems, but our small team was primarily responsible for firmware and software development and verification on embedded controllers.
as an electrical engineering intern at this start up company, i worked wherever my expertise was needed. i worked on various projects, including 5g cubesat application research, embedded firmware protocols, electronic design, and setting up a radio testbed. recently, i am being more involved in static link budgets for wireless space communications analysis.
industrial control system automation and integration. plc & hmi programming. industrial network engineering. vfds. instrumentation. motor control. control panel design. analog and digital control systems. power distribution (480v and below). safety circuits.
worked with staff engineers using technology dedicated to the production of printed circuit boards used in two way radio remote control systems assisted with preparing engineering designs, including layouts and design sketches tested new printed circuit boards and provided troubleshooting and repairs when necessary
created a “part cost analysis tool” which identified where the savings opportunities exist, with standard inputs from note reader data and scout master data
i work to design, build, and implement specialized test equipment for various units within airborne radars.
an integral member of the fpga design team in the research and development division developed the gamma correction module for the image signal processor (isp) pipeline. developed the hdmi module to stream the video from a camera to a display. developed i2c master and spi master modules to establish communication between eeprom, mipi camera, etc. and fpga. currently working on the implementation of auto white balance and auto focus feature for the isp.
teaching assistant for introductory circuits course and digital logic course. independently coordinated and led laboratory activities, held office hours, and graded student labs/homework.
worked as an sap consultant for ibm corporation. performed a variety of roles including pmo and extended warehouse management sme as part of a systems integration team as well as contributing to request for proposal efforts to generate new business.
worked as a delivery driver for amazon as i lost my job with the airlines once covid nineteen hit. delivered thousands of packages throughout the couples months i worked.
responsible for end to end product realization including: reading and implementing schematic diagrams assembly and testing inventory and quality control design review
i assisted in requirements allocation for electrical systems. i also contributed to data gathering and analysis.
this position offers me the chance to work hands on with the latest in rf and mucrowave technology. i am part of a team that is responsible for testing any and all finished company products. i am regularly working to fix hardware issues with existing older products, which involves reading and understanding schematics, and an advanced understanding of the principles of electronics.
undergraduate teaching assistant for two courses, java programming and c++ programming, responsible for assignments and projects.
develop software in python, c, and c++ for embedded applications. participate in a team environment and via structured development lifecycles. test and document software for software development lifecycle.
digital design engineer at mobile display driver ic design team
operations research – sonar beamforming toolsets (matlab) and undersea vehicles integration and test
worked at the unified communications technology group (uctg) of cisco. worked on various enhancements and features on the media layer of a call control registrar. also implemented text prediction and spell correction on a widely used instant messaging application.
handled testing and calibration of scientific instruments and ensured operational integrity of equipment. assisted with troubleshooting and repairing electronic components of oscilloscopes and test fixtures. maintained a well ordered stock room with attention to equipment and component inventory. assisted with physics research through participation in the analysis and interpretation of test data. cooperated with technicians, researchers and other technical teams to assist in installin
working on site at plants in changsha, hunan, china and pernambuco, brazil for end of line debugging of system level vehicle electrical architecture faults
operations support and maintenance of control system and safety systems for oil and gas platforms and fpso.
procurement of construction materials and employee task coordination
worked in varying capacities within both the office and warehouse as needed.
worked on dickey john agricultural controller products based on the isobus standard (modified j1939) including the intelliag iso6. primary responsibilities included designing and adding new features in c++ based on customer and product manager requirements, ui design including creating icons and mock ups, localizations and character encoding, maintaining and refactoring existing c++ code base, analyzing and debugging using iar embedded workbench and can traces.
reassigned to newly formed subsidiary of moog, inc. continuing previous duties.
contributed digital logic design and verification; developed digital logic on the critical path of new releases for an fpga based platform used in rapid reliability testing of intel’s non volatile memory and ssds. owned design units written in vhdl and verilog and their test benches.
i inspect ambulances electrical features before they are shipped off to clients, and work with the electricians on finding and fixing issues.
developed automated seal oil temperature control systems for harrington station power plant. required logic diagrams, valve sizing, design of piping systems, and coordination of cross functional teams. supported the dcs alarm rationalization initiative. identified nuisance and chattering alarms to improve operator performance by readjusting operational setpoints and balancing control logic. installed ultrasonic pivot flow totalizers to increase data acquisition rate.
developed new systems to aid in mission profile, operations and maintenance support of various navy programs and vehicles. assessed risk factors, budget/costs and system requirements in order to meet project scope, deliverables and projected timelines. conduct engineering analysis, technical reviews, logistics support, budget planning and technical document generation for various dod acquisition projects for unmanned undersea vehicles
developed schematics in altium and programmed ics from different toy vendors. collaborated with design, project management, and packaging to take ideas from concept to market. analyzed electronic features of competitive toys and estimated ballpark costs. evaluated current mechatronics toys in the market and brainstormed concepts of reusable quadruped platform to reduce development cost.
assisted epitaxial engineers with wafer characterization, statistical process control, and uhv maintenance and repair.
inspect and test computer equipment and assemblies adjust, align, replace or repair computer equipment, assemblies and software diagnose and locate computer component equipment faults install computer software programs
engineering and design of oil and gas/petrochemical projects all over the world. engineering of electrical equipment such as medium voltage switchgears, motor control centers, transformers, ups and battery systems, among others design of electrical systems such as substation layouts, cable tray design, underground system design, grounding system design, area classification
as an sla leader, i would provide the professor with valuable assistance during class and, more directly, on the sla day. on the sla day of the week, i would help the students better grasp the material by providing them an extra day of practice with guided solutions on how to answer the problems. generally the questions were picked and answered beforehand, but the class was executed in such a way as to provide the students the another opportunity to ask other, related questions.
· u two systems integration lab: conducted testing with various primary mission equipment for integration with the u 2s platform · created and maintained system integration test plans and procedures
worked as a co op while attending college. worked for it desktop support as well as controls engineering programming plcs (programmable logic controllers), deploying plant floor networks, and replacing computers on the plant floor.
design and develop fire protection sprinklers from conception to manufacturing.
i designed lighting and electrical system layouts using autodesk drafting software.
recruited by leading global industrial automation and information technology provider with one hundred and ninety-seven office locations across forty-nine countries. responsible for customer facing interactions that included launching new products, introducing new software tools, and conducting technology updates. made sales calls along with tracking and organizing customer input and feedback. provided product demonstrations and presentations for customers.
provide engineering services; create hobbyist products related to radio, electronics, drones, optics, computers, etc.
led interior engineering integration in two new tractor developments, optimizing cabin layouts, controls and ergonomic features to enhance operator comfort and productivity. this task required coordination with international teams across different time zones under a tight schedule. designer for an innovative roll over protection system (rops) for a midsize tractor. i designed, prototyped and carried until production a mechanism to reduce the force required by the user to adjust the rops
i joined the reconfigurable computing systems lab in ceeri,pilani, i worked on developing a wireless sensor network using ti msp430f5438a micro controllers and zigbee protocol for structural health monitoring of a bridge.
thermodynamic map testing: researching the materials of nasa’s columbia and mapping out points that melted upon ballistic re entry. discriminating between achieved melting and achieved combustion using a component found from nasa’s columbia. designing of goniometer: assisting phd student jackie reyes in her spectroscopy project and given dimensions and creating over thirty designs of the goniometer. conducting research on the astrodynamics and orbital mechanics of the columbia.
entry level software engineer working on commercial avionics display software. helps prepare software requirements, tests, and c source code for certification approval.
a part of the distributed solar team of renew power, a renewable energy company focusing on solar & wind power plants providing clean energy.
early field failure analysis, and development of field failure reporting for a startup phase company building mems ultrasound devices. achievements: built field reporting and corrective action system on google cloud platform. developed process flow of field return analysis. managed rma return lab, and developed a small, cross functional team of fa engineers. sourced, programmed, and operated lifecycle and eis equipment for lithium ion cells
designed pcbs for lighting modules and assisted engineering team with various hardware and software testing.
as an intern for the maintenance department i did a variety of tasks. i mainly worked on updating and creating autocad files for the facility. i also participated in their yearly inventory count during a scheduled shut down. throughout this internship i reported to my supervisor who was the head engineer for the maintenance department, as well as the department of manufacturing engineering.
redesigned core systems of p&ids to increase efficiency in customer plants
designed and tested wideband rf receiver for optimized synchronicity and coherency of data capture across a geographically large field customized software defined radio (sdr) tuning hardware for improved signal integrity completed schematic capture, pcb layout, product manufacture, and device testing of a mixed signal board delivering high electromagnetic isolation between digital and rf signal paths. designed an if / l band frequency converter for optimal electromagnetic isolation
one. programmed the fpgas of company’s products of super computers with verilog two. wrote custom extensions to blender, which is in sync with the super computers to provide client companies with a service to accelerate the advanced 3d rendering
uta for ece four hundred and seventy-three taught at purdue during spring two thousand and twenty-three
at nei electric power engineering i work with high to medium voltage transmission and distribution assets. i am on the commissioning team responsible for successful start up and energization for electrical substations, wind farms, solar arrays and generation facilities.
i made a plan that mars provides food and appliances to transfer cafes to cat rescue stations. besides, we planed to promote the passenger flow and revenue of cafes and extend influence of mars’ brand.
project engineer focusing on designing, fabricating, and commissioning data and control systems for ground support equipment for launch, recovery, vehicle integrations, and testing sites. additionally, assisted operational teams with troubleshooting and resolving electrical and software issues identified on existing equipment and infrastructure.
designing rtl modules for use with microchip's switchtec products (pcie switches). involves close interaction with verification and physical design team to meet target function, performance and cost.
analyzed pacifica hybrid warranty claims and jd power initial quality survey for quality improvement actions and estimated costs and impact for two thousand and twenty model year and beyond lead pacifica hybrid and gas fast feedback process, containment testing and disposition of issues lead quality support for the waymo program including issue reporting and monthly quality reviews
maintained reliable and efficient operations of velco’s scada/ems by open systems international (osi). implemented, configured, maintained and expanded scada/ems databases, displays, and applications. installed, maintained, troubleshot, and repaired critical protection and control systems
design, debug and test rf circuits.
designed two four layer pcb test cards to evaluate reliability of new soldering technique using mentor graphics xpedition communicated with overseas manufacturers in china by email to manufacture and assemble test cards consulted with materials lab to take x ray images and perform cross sectioning of test cards to verify alignment with ipc soldering standards conducted accelerated thermal cycling (atc) of test cards to simulate life usage of controller cards using thermal cycling chamber
worked in an smt plant, explored the whole smd process and learned about the current industry standards in chip manufacture. attained knowledge on cipos (contactless inductive position sensor), and aps (accelerator pedal sensor ), and presented a product study on headlamp level actuators
collaborate with personnel from plants to identify the problems in production lines identify and solve issues from under qualified zinc plated bolts and mechanical oil quality > save up to one hundred boxes of zinc plated bolts and recall the maintenance issue from the plant file materials test requests and submit fail parts to chemical, metallurgical, and metrology lab develop and present a “commodity code look up tool” using vba language to quality dep.
created tableau dashboard and static html/css web page to track and visualize employee recognition data, promoting engagement and culture change in ba airplane level engineering integration, a one hundred+ person organization followed agile methodology in defining business need, generating user stories from twelve+ user interviews, and organizing project sprints and requirements
worked with optoelectronics for pulse oximetry research. created eight 3d printed setups for led and laser photodiode implementation using fusion three hundred and sixty for non contact pulse oximeter prototypes. collaborated with signal processing and circuit design team to configure ideal operational amplifier circuit and labview settings. finalized a six part printed design that functions with op amp circuit and signal processing software to achieve an optimal waveforms.
team lead software engineer working at ai ed tech startup. responsible for leading implementation of back end systems including research code.
lead capital projects throughout multiple facilities organize project timeframe, budget, and procedure to execute properly the entire project. involve safety and quality aspect to the implementation of the project manage different departments that are involved within the project communicate and review contractors that are involved within the project analyze most efficient and effective methods of installing or usage of the equipment or structures
i started full time at northrop grumman as a systems engineering integration and test engineer in february as a member of the space systems. i have worked on late stage integration of a satellite payload, and i am moving into a hardware design role as part of my next work rotation.
developed aec content for catia building space planning using catia part design, assembly design, building structures, engineering rules capture, lifecycle management and imagine and shape software programs. created coding and rules to allow users to edit various design parameters for their specific applications. tested aec components for 2016x and 2017x before integration.
developed, debugged, and unit tested multiple features in the software client for license activation tokens and interaction with various subscription plans created custom scripts to automate and test backward compatibility of converted python two to three files and prevent deprecated code from being added the code base
work with a team of ten other people to develop an api used by several other teams across our division. became the team's subject matter expert on software related to the program's rtos in just a few months due to quick learning ability and desire to take on new and difficult tasks. led a team of interns in the agile software development process while waiting for clearance into a classified area.
one) conducted network quality test and recorded signal quality in eight areas of shanghai east distinct using speedtest software and drew signal rendering maps using mapinfo; two) handled user complaints in 4g/5g communities with poor quality; three) used signaling tracking tools, like seq, to locate das problems; four) verified status of vip sites and extracted kpis;
managed and lead application analysis, design, development, delivery, and support teams; managed cross functional technical teams based on projects or programs; lead legacy system and application modernization (reference resume portfolio for more details)
frontend design engineer (rtl) developed i2c eeprom design mem interface blocks on eight thousand and fifty-one micro controller
automated the testing of a grpc server, endpoints, and the setup of avionics test tools developed and automated test suites, executed test cases for flight data monitoring and onboard data analysis equipment for 4d data acquisition hardware
hardware and software engineering for control system projects. cabinet design, warning schematics design, testing and commissioning.
teaching assistant, lahore university of management sciences cs three hundred and fifteen: theory of automata (volunteer ta ), department of computer science (jan two thousand and fifteen to may two thousand and fifteen) cs three hundred and thirty-one: artificial intelligence (volunteer ta ), department of computer science (jan two thousand and fifteen to may two thousand and fifteen) ee five hundred and twenty-two: embedded systems, (part time ta), department of electrical engineering (jan two thousand and fourteen to may two thousand and fourteen)
benefits investigation, case management, and data entry patient support services and call handling
operating in a testing environment to clean room practices, procedures and precautions. organization, refinement, and careful handling of equipment used in the testing system. quality, continuity and orientation check of cables and connectors, and assembly of shelves and bases for pods used in battery testing. reduction of more than one hundred and fifty hours of workload and fixing problems through soldering, crimping, and quality and continuity check, as well as maintenance of test equipment
fabrication of cylindrical ramming formers and cones,pipe work installations,installations of induction furnace,structural work fabrication and installations,fabrications of girders,oxy acetylene flame cutting of steel plates,pipes,and sheets.
i developed a liquid temperature acquisition system, collecting, transmiting and displaying the temperature sensor data while managing the data on the cloud platform
worked in a team to supervise and manage clinical project for students managed organization and sanitation of department’s class rooms proctored student exams
weapons theoretical design scientist performed analysis and simulation relating to nuclear weapons physics and delivery systems. intelligence and space research remote sensing scientist research and design signal processing and image reconstruction techniques for radar, lidar, and small satellite applications.
worked in the memory solution division for verifying ip involved in ssd controller
responsible for electrical maintenance of the organization. carry out repair on faulty electrical installations installation of electrical equipments
completed industrial training in optical fibre cables and communication systems.
designed and developed communication rack network configuration across private network developed and refined recommended operation procedure scripts
worked in quantum department
worked on medical supply development for an rf welding company. design and development work on new customer designs. quoted new work, developed designs and got product validation ready.
(f sixteen nav/guidance, f thirty-five sim lab) integration development, execution, data analysis, and troubleshooting projects for navigation, terrain following, and in cockpit mapping systems on numerous >$1b f sixteen development programs. collaborated with subcontractors, engineering, test, government & high ranking members of several national air forces on requirements and development of
as a systems engineering intern for nasa's exploration medical capability team, i utilized python automation to process medical data and create relation maps for requirement tracing. i also produced an html format of the medical system to facilitate navigation and understanding for non modelers, ensuring the html medical model contained information specifically requested by stakeholders.
r&d of semiconductor equipment
i perform testing on pieces of equipment. i assist in making decisions on the path forward on hardware. i write test procedures for others to follow. i assemble and break down hardware.
worked on the research statement "network intelligence in 5g systems" which aims at achieving ultra low latency scenario in the transfer of packets in 5g systems, with the assistance of machine learning.
engineering position in avionics test engineering for the command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance flight at edwards air force base california. position involves planning, provisioning, execution, and reporting on developmental test of aircraft communication systems.
drafting patents and analyzing prosecution for various standardized technologies, including 5g/6g wireless communications and computer readable medium (dram, feram, autonomous vehicle memory devices, etc.)
ensured production deadlines met for clients ranging from foods to aerospace industry, overhauled inventory system, performed facility inspections of two manufacturing facilities, with large industrial machinery, designed and built safety mechanisms and guards that protected workers to streamline production process. 3d drafting for prototypes. resigned to continue education.
i built and documented a restful api and sdk with asp.net, along with unit and integration tests. the goal for the api was to simplify and abstract an older product's overly complicated database to make it compatible for use with an upcoming product. the api and sdk are still in use today.
my job as the senior design team leader was to ensure productive use of our time. however, i also was heavily involved in the electronic design and rf/optical research for our prototype we were building. i tested laser and antenna configurations to meet our sponsor's requirements, as well designed circuits to further the development of their product.
performed construction engineering inspection services on u.s. federally funded and florida department of transportation (fdot) projects by ensuring completed work was in accordance with fdot standards and engineering specifications. coordinated with superintendents, foremen, and craft labor/operators to ensure that projects were completed on time and on budget.
acquisition and development of technological systems used by the air force for various purposes. specializing in communications equipment.
engineer responsible for medium voltage industrial distribution system for manufacturing plant.
supervised a maintenance team of four mechanics. operated maintenance management software. responsible for maintenance of over twenty heavy line haul vehicles.
i transferred to the port allegany facility, in the same role, to be more involved with the npd machine, to become more experienced in the nnpb and pb processes and to work with the incredibly competent team there.
served as electrical systems engineer working on the development of the mk21 fuze. responsibilities included: system integration testing, troubleshooting, data analysis, and mentoring.
r&d in an advanced technologies group contributing in circuit and custom board development
supported naval aviation training on nas lemoore by providing field support to it systems and remote radio sites.
i was an intern for northrop grumman. i primarily worked on rf and antenna work. i also worked on testing an repair or hardware.
development of mechanical product and systems for use on numerically controlled subtractive manufacturing machines such as grinder, lathes, and mills.
analyzed and restructured core communication circuits to maximize redundancy and diversity constructed new facility circuits to increase reliability of radio communication by thirty-two.five% created floor plans and circuit block diagrams using microsoft visio
amazon $50m+ project work alongside amazon product manager to oversee manufacturing, permitting, and integration of one hundred+ systems annually into amazon warehouses working alongside the customer to resolve design issues and implement future product lifecycle improvements ge healthcare managing the design phase of an automated packout line for hospital equipment bastian solutions automated forklift managing the first round manufacturing and assembly of the forklift
rotational development program
executed access network rollout projects for broadband triple play services during their survey and deployment phases and supervised three teams of engineers and technicians for the survey, installation, commissioning, testing and acceptance of forty-nine sites. scope of work included installation of broadband multiplexers, rectifiers, laying of subscriber cables etc.
providing support and assistance in a security incident and event management siem migration project within a financial institution. building automation for several tasks and reports using python. enhancing the visibility within the siem platform by ; (f) on boarding new sources (g) rectifying broken integrations (h) enhancing the existing monitoring content. (i) platform support : upgrades, troubleshooting, monitoring
testing experience on 4g/5g simulator tools such as anritsu, keysight and r&s. experience on carrier specific rf test suites on network simulators for att/verizon/tmo requirements. test and debug device related issues on lte, and 5g device from ue and te logs. troubleshoot and analyze rf/protocol logs, reports issues, and work with the oem team / te vendors to get them fixed. experience on device logging tools such as qxdm
aided the professional maintenance department in the jeep wrangler final assembly line. created standard maintenance procedures, modified maintenance activities and purchased spare parts to eliminate machine down time. completed a cost savings project to convert maintenance activities on the chassis line from time based to cycle based.
advanced high frequency branch, supporting phased array antenna development for telecommunications purposes.
developed equipment and material specifications along with scope and cost estimates for substation projects. performed various technical studies and engineering design relating to westar’s electric substation, generation, and transmission line equipment control and fault protection systems. prepared bid packages to be used by contractors on outsourced substation projects and managed these projects.
plan and direct projects involving engineered systems. coordinate with customers, leadership, and stakeholders to achieve objectives. apply leadership and tactical planning to meet maintenance goals, manage resource allocation, track budgets, and ensure timeline adherence. design and document facilities work processes, analyze designs to reduce costs and improve efficiency, and identify operational risks while developing mitigation strategies.
· independently develop lesson plans, facilitate group work, grade exams, and guide class discussion for sixty students weekly.
launched technology with the bill & melinda gates foundation to monitor vital signs of fifteen,zero laboring women in zambia, ghana, and india. published a first author paper in pnas about the underlying technology. launched technology with the save the children foundation to monitor vital signs of five hundred and seventy-five neonates in kenya. established good rapport with the ground teams by visiting the sites and adjusting to feedback.
one. develop tsmc n5/n4/n3 tech node and to optimize processes to maximize operational efficiency. two. optimized thermal process (lpcvd, ald) based on doe & analysis to continuously improve quaility. three. facilitated and contributed extensively in creating endpoint algorithms for feol/meol processes. four. worked with process integration team to implement and integrate new/improved process workflow. five. utilized process simulation software to test and find the most appropriate production strategies.
developing a simulation engine for type ii superlattice (t2sl) barrier infrared photodetector in collaboration with isro. developing a negf based quantum mechanical model for gate leakage current in ultra thin gate stack mosfet. calculation of t2sl electronic band structure using an eight x eight k.p method and negf transport solver. writing several matlab and tcad codes to build a simulation engine by integrating atomistic and quantum effects along with negf transport solver.
frequency converter control performance/functionality validation lab simulation and validation for application issue
setup a private recording studio. collaborated, wrote, produced, mixed and mastered song demos.
